484 20
Bonded or Bounded Labour
Case Diary under Code of Criminal Procedure
Response of the Indian Legislature to the Pandemic and the global view
What happens as courts and tribunals go online – opportunities and challenges
Invocation of Pledged Shares and the Impact of COVID-19
The Defence of Non-insane Automatism
Preventive Litigation: Prevention of Petitions
Writ Petition: Jayom Shah and Ruchika Motwani | A Webinar Brief
Strategies to Crack the Jharkhand Judicial Service Examination and the Way Forward: Divyam Chaudhary and Anu Bhatnagar
Challenges of building a successful law firm in the field of litigation and arbitration: Ramanuj Mukherjee & Anirudh Krishnan
Productivity Contest amidst COVID-19: Boon or Curse for the Students
Corporate Insolvency and Resolution Process
Mob Lynching: A Crime awaiting Remedy
Is it possible to pass judiciary exams without joining a coaching centre?
A Brief Overview of One Person Company
Major Legal Issues in Indian e-banking System
Intricacies of a Sports Contract
The fourth pillar of Indian Democracy: Freedom of the Press
Challenges Regarding Labour Laws in Current Times: Nitish Bagri and Mayur Sachdeva
Meaning, Scope and Relevance of Commencement of Arbitration Proceedings: Vipul Wadwa and Anubhav Garg
485 20
Critical Analysis of Hindu Marriage Laws in Pakistan
Case Law Summary: Mohd. Ahmed Khan v. Shah Bano Begum and Others (1985 AIR 945) 
Environmental Laws: Centuries to form, Seconds to use
Showcase your work, market yourself and connect with opportunities
Estate and Succession Planning – Making a Will During COVID-19 Pandemic
Fake News, Disinformation and Threats to National Security and Possible Solutions
Growing Misogyny on Internet: Is it the New Normal?
Opportunities for lawyers in venture Investing and other business roles: Subhro Sengupta and Abhyuday Agarwal
How can government college students crack a big 4 job: Ankit Vaid & Joginder Singh
The ladder up the Investigation Process in Money Laundering Matters
A walk through key provisions of the Indian Patent Act, 1970
Understanding Blockchain Technology: Cryptocurrency, Bitcoins and Future of Blockchain Technology in India
Impact Analysis of Legal Aid Services in Delhi
Where can you work as a banking and finance lawyer?
All Contracts are Agreements but All Agreements are not Contracts
How to become an expert at research and writing skills?
All About The Jammu and Kashmir State Lands (vesting of ownership to the occupants) Act, 2001
Career as a Legal Academician in India: A Webinar Brief
Scope of Constitutional Law Practice in Non-metro High Courts: A Webinar Brief 
Cheers to the Best Time of my Life!
486 20
Major Legal issues in Indian E-Banking System
M&A Transactions in Contemporary World
A mirror to Indirect Taxes: GST
Summary of the Webinar- Commercial Aspects of Resolution Plans under IBC for lawyers
Summary of the Webinar- How to make a career in litigation in a small city?
Migrant Workers Crisis: Ignorance and Helplessness at its Height
Summary of the Webinar- How to make a career in Unconventional crimes: Scams and Money Laundering?
Corporate Social Responsibility and Impact on Public Welfare: A study of Indian Economy
Comprehend offences against women under I.P.C.
Applicability of Trademark Laws in the Reservation of Company Name
When should you Incorporate a Co-operative Society
Use of Information Utilities in the Scheme of IBC- Analysis of the Regulations on IUS 
How to get the best internships during this lockdown
New to the Blog Community- Texas A&M School of Law
Sanction Theory and its Relevance – A Jurisprudential Analysis
The Grandiosity of Grundnorm
Inquest Report under the Code of Criminal Procedure, 1973
COVID-19 and Relaxations under Employment Laws
A sail through Gambling laws in India
Environmental pollution as a tort
487 20
Disposal of Property under the Code of Criminal Procedure, 1973
Does ‘COVID – 19’ bring MAC Clause into Service
Bailment- Meaning and Introduction
Challenges you may face while enforcing technology contracts
Reunion Under Hindu Law
Magistrate’s Power of Disposal of Unlawful Assembly under CrPC
How copyright has changed the Entertainment Industry in the recent time
Protected areas under the Wildlife Protection Act, 1972
Blog Competition Winner Announcement (Week 5th April 2020)
Discharge under CrPC
Plea Bargaining Laws: India And United States of America
Police Report under Code of Criminal Procedure, 1973
How can technology help in the prevention of financial crimes
Procedure in relation to Children in Conflict with Law under the Juvenile Justice Act, 2015
Introduction to Drafting and Challenges faced at the time of handling Client’s Work
Offloading of Jio Platform’s Stake to Facebook: Reliance’s another Venture to outrage the enforcement of the Competition Law 
How to Become a Freelancer in the Legal industry- A Webinar Brief
Relevance of English Language for Judiciary Examinations
Scope of International Law
The Paris Agreement and Environment Problems
488 20
Protection of Kids from Cybercrimes: Role of Technology Contracts
Remedies available for Trademark Infringement 
Issue of Process under Cr.P.C
Impact of COVID-19 on Global Economy
Transactional and Commercial Law Practice in Goa, an Innovative turn- A Webinar Brief
Commerce and Law: A successful love marriage- A Webinar Brief
Implications on GST compliance and Litigation during and after COVID- A Webinar Brief
Comparative Analysis of Personal laws with reference to India, Pakistan, and Bangladesh
Safe Deposit Boxes and Bailment
Jurisdiction of the Courts as regards the Place of Inquiry and Trial under CrPC
Procedure for becoming a prosecution lawyer of juvenile justice board
All you need to know about Preventive Arrest Laws in India
Effects of COVID- 19 in Competition Law Practice- A Webinar Brief
Pursuing LLM from abroad, working in Europe- Germany, London- A Webinar Brief
Conflict of CCI with other Sectoral Regulators- A Webinar Brief
State of commercial litigation after COVID-19 and what you should focus on learning now
Shreya Singhal V. Union Of India: A Case Which Rejuvenated The Liberty To Speech And Expression In The Country
British regime law imposed for COVID-19 : the Epidemic Diseases Act, 1897
Doctrine of Foreign Equivalents and the Doctrine of Prosecution History Estoppels: A Pragmatic Perspective in Trademark Law
Legal guide to convert a Partnership Firm into LLP
489 20
How To Draft Share Purchase Agreement
Key Steps involved in the Incorporation of a Foreign Subsidiary
Stock Exchange Approvals and Disclosures required for M&A Transactions
All About WIPO – World Intellectual Property Organisation
Prosecution of Offences committed by Judges and Public Servants
Key differences between the Indian Contract Law and U.A.E Contract Law 
Syrian refugee crisis and its implications on International Law
Global water issues: Everything important you should know about
Information to the Police under the Criminal Procedure Code 
Reopening of Wet markets: A great threat to International Health Standards
How to Draft Shareholders Agreement
Issues faced by the Migrant Workers and How can Lawyers help them
All About Trademark Law Treaty
Top Co-founding Partnerships
Extension of Appeals and Applications for Sufficient Cause
Examination of Witnesses by the Police under Cr.P.C
Consequences of dissolution of partnership firms
All you need to know about Trade and Commerce in Wild Animals
COVID-19 and the Impossibility to Perform Contracts: An Analysis
Expected effects of postponement of CLAT
490 20
How to Draft a Share Subscription Agreement
How to maximize your practical learnings – An interview with Mr. Abhijay Negi – Part 1
How to prepare in college to ace in Litigation Career – Tanvi Dubey and Anubhav Garg
How to get paid to study at Oxford University – Sammanika Rawat & Abhijay Negi
Executive Presence of Lawyers – Sahiba Singh Dhupar and Anubhav Garg 
Understanding the recruitment process of tier 1 law firms – Satyam Dwivedi and Anubhav Garg
Arbitration and its Scope after Lockdown- Abhyuday Agarwal, Rajni Iyer and Ruchika Motwani
Insights on cracking Punjab and Haryana Judiciary- Harleen Hira & Shweta Kumar Devgan
100 success stories of LawSikho!
Issue of Limitation in Multi-Tier Dispute Resolution Clause
Hospital- Whether an Industry?
Domestic Violence- The Shadow Pandemic
Partnership vs Company
The Right to Protest in times of Pandemic
Real Estate, RERA and COVID-19
Needs for Laws of Trees
Impact of COVID-19 on Commercial Lease Contracts
Delhi High Court on Suspension or Waiver from Payment of Rent in Commercial Leases
Judiciary: A Watchdog No More?
Death Penalty: Human Rights Violation and Trends across the World
491 20
Indian Banking System under Threat
Council of ministers: Aid & Advice- it’s Scope & Ambit
The Surrogacy (Regulation) Bill, 2019: All you need to know
The State of the Nation: Hitlerization or Dramatization? 
Legal aspects related to prostitution in India
Theories of tortious obligations and contractual obligations under common law tradition
Judicial Review of Administrative Action
Helping the Most Vulnerable During this Lockdown in Relation with Law
Ambush Marketing and Commercial Sponsorship
Automatism: A Legal Immunity for Criminals
Samuel Tennyson v. Principal & Secretary, MCC: Deciding the Ambit of Juridical Opinion
Media-The Fourth Pillar of Democracy
How to initiate a Criminal Case: Know all about it
Why do we need a fixation of rent under the Delhi Rent Control Act?
Fake News: A virus more dangerous than COVID-19
Minimum Educational Qualifications Required for Politicians in India
The nature of Customary International Law
How to read the newspaper for cracking a Competitive Exam?
Five NCLT decision you must know about
Anti-Terror Laws in India
492 20
LPO Industries in India
Insurance Market in the times of COVID-19: “Loss of Profit” & “Health Insurance”
Penalties and Procedure under the Indian Forest Act, 1927
How does intersectionality affects educational institution: A socio-legal analysis
The Plight of Migrant Workers
Procedure of registration of a property in India
Human trafficking on internet: A rising issue
An Overview Of Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Amendment Act, 2019
Space Law in regard to China’s Rocket Launch amid Covid 19 Pandemic
Who is to be blamed? Read the curious case of Ronald Opus!
Procedure relating to Search and Seizure under CrPC
Abuse Of Dominant Position Under Competition Act, 2002
How to execute contracts cross-border in the most efficient way?
All about the board meeting and extraordinary general meeting through video conferencing
Rise in Cyber crimes due to Pandemic Lockdown
Batteries Waste Management Rules, 2001
Alimony vs Palimony
Wetlands management in India
Overview of Biological diversity Act, 2002
Death penalty: Is it Deterrent Enough?
493 20
Introduction and Overview of the Uttar Pradesh Municipality Act, 1916
Prior Period Claims After Approval of Resolution Plan, Not Allowed under IBC
Blog Competition Winner Announcement (Week 4th April 2020)
Recession: An Effect of Coronavirus 
Hazardous Waste Management Rules, 2016
How are arbitral proceedings conducted
Magistrate’s Power in urgent cases of Nuisance and Apprehended Danger under Cr.P.C
Blog Competition Winner Announcement (Week 3rd April 2020)
Privatization of Air India – Economic and Legal Implications
The Story Behind Hong Kong Protests
Environmental Protection and CSR
IPR Laws: United States Trade Representative places India on ‘Priority Watch List’
Rules applicable to the Substance of Disputes in Arbitration Act
How the Constitution is failing for the Oppressed, Suppressed but Strong-willed Migrant Workers
Madhya Pradesh Land Revenue Code, 1959: At A Glance
Why We Obey Law? Positivism v. Naturalism
Vizag Gas Tragedy: A Reflection of Bhopal’s Misery
Budget 2020 and Coronavirus – A tale of Myopia and Dystopia
Attempting multiple judiciary and government exams? Here’s what to watch out for…
Is it a good time to do a foreign LLM for Indian law students in light of COVID-19?
494 20
Euthanasia in India: Legal aspect
Liquor: The Unnecessary Necessity
What kind of faculty do we need at LawSikho to help you crack the judiciary exams?
Legal Aspects of BDSM
Facial Recognition System: A new toy in the hands of government for undertaking mass surveillance
Tryst of the Titans: Analysis of the Facebook-Jio Deal
Oil Prices had a Fall!
Challenges for Arbitration in India
Procedure for Trial for Offence of Hunting Wild Animals
Anticipation of an Invention in India
How to Transfer Assets of a Company?
Ensuring Food for All: A Serious Challenge in the times of COVID-19 Outbreak
Heirs of a Male Estate under Hindu Law
An Overview of Fast Track Mergers in India
Communication of Proposal under the Indian Contract Act, 1872
Environmental pollution and CrPC
Diplomatic Immunity: Everything important you should know about
Handling Illegal Occupants on Property: Indian Context
How to Nominate the Shares Owned in Your Own Name
Management of Non-Performing Assets (NPA)
495 20
Top Government Job Exams a Law Student Should Ideally Prepare For
Divorce and Maintenance Laws in India
Forfeiture of Illegally Acquired Drugs under NDPS Act, 1985
Strict Liability v. Absolute Liability vis-a-vis Vishakhapatnam Gas Leak Tragedy
Books to refer to while preparing for Judiciary Exams
Need and objectives of Professional ethics code in Law
Procedure to be followed for Rehabilitation and Social Reintegration of the Children
State Sovereignty and Human Rights
Bedlam in contractual obligations: Force Majeure & COVID19
Moral Rights of a Singer in a Song
Prisoner Rights: India v. The World
Unpacking the Privacy Concerns of Aarogya Setu App
How to Uphold the Validity of a Contract?
Provisions governing the Forest Officers under the Indian Forest Act, 1927
What must a law student choose: Judiciary or UPSC?
Analysis of the impact of the COVID-19 on M&A transactions
How to get into in-house legal team of a big bank as a management trainee
Top 5 Case Laws Explaining How to Enforce a Breach of Confidentiality
Material Adverse Effect (MAE) Clause in a Loan Agreement: Its Consequences and Different Variations
All you need to know about Suit in which one or all of the Defendants have died
496 20
Curb on Border Investors: A Move to Protect India from Foreign Vultures
A Critical Study of the Labour Movement in India
Shares and Share Capital of the Company
How to Protect your Intellectual Property?
All you need to know about Capital Gains Tax
Ensuring Food for All: A serious challenge in the times of Covid-19 outbreak
Webinar on Intervention & Support of MSME through IPR post COVID-19: 11th May 2020
EPC Contracts vs PPP Contracts: Which Model is Best for Infrastructural Sector?
Revisiting the Role of the Executive Magistrate under the CrPC 
Constitutionality of Delegated Legislation
The Analytical Study of the Election Commission of India
Ordinance and the Effect of Lapse of the Ordinance
Blog Competition Winner Announcement (Week 2nd April 2020)
Blog Competition Winner Announcement (Week 1st April 2020)
COVID-19: How International Law Matters?
All You Need to Know About Tribal Treason
Migrant Crisis – A Reality Check
Have the International Organizations been of help in these difficult times of Coronavirus?
Insanity: A Real defense or a loophole
Problem of Remoteness of Damage in Torts
497 20
Whether Entry in Balance Sheet will lead to an Acknowledgement u/s 18 of the Limitation Act, 1963: NCLAT differs with SC and HC
The Centre-State Relationship during a Pandemic
Reference and Revision under Indian Stamp Act
Private Limited company vs Partnership
Legal consequences of Admission or Retirement of partners
How to Keep Yourself Morally Boosted During Work from Home
As COVID-19 cases spiral upward, the IRDAI pulls its socks up!
Govind Versus State of Madhya Pradesh
Decriminalization of Attempt to Commit Suicide: A Guide of 15 Decades
Various Provisions relating to Opinions in the Indian Evidence Act
Critical Analysis of Lalita Kumari v. Govt. of U.P.
Change in Overdraft Facility of RBI due to the Lockdown (COVID-19)
Five types of Strategic Partnership Agreements to help grow your Business
Consequences of Non-Registration of Firms
Need for Intellectual Property Rights in Outer Space
Types of Partners in Partnership Act
How has India tackled the problem of crimes committed by children? 
Consent as a Defence under I.P.C.
How to register a Limited Liability Partnership in India?
Laws relating to Hunting of Wild Animals
498 20
General Provisions as to Investigation, Inquiry and Trial
Effects of Terrorism on Human Rights
Prevention of Breach of Peace Concerning Immovable Property
The Public Mode v/s Private Mode of Social Media: a Dilemma for Artists
COVID-19 & its effect on the Economy and Different Sector
Analysis of the Cryptocurrency Verdict and what it means for India
Is Writ Petition maintainable in Contractual Matters against the State?
Forest Laws and Laws governing the Control of Timber and Other Forest Produce
Punjab: The Mexico of India
Procedure for Victim’s Medical Examination under CrPC
Simultaneous Elections- A Boon for India
Project Maverick: in memory of my teacher Shamnad Basheer
Tracing the Relevance of Fundamental Rights in the times of COVID-19: A comprehensive analysis
Interrelation between ‘Procedure Established by Law’ and ‘Due Process of Law’
Comprehending the term ‘Public Servant’ under the Corruption Law in India
How can the Judges be removed in India?
Competition Law Amid COVID-19 in India
Constitutionalism and Homosexuality: Analysis of Articles 12 and 14
Gender Neutrality and Sexual Harassment laws in India 
1st Online Family Law Quiz Competition by Advocate Shipraa Tanna [17th May 2020]: Register by 16th May 2020 
499 20
An Insight towards Fast Track Examination through Patent Prosecution Highway
Skills that you need to learn to master legal drafting
Mob Lynching: A Vigilante’s attack on Rule of Law
All You Need to Know about Nidhi Companies
Legal Routes to Undertake for Raising Funds for a Business
Use of Drones to Revitalize the Indian Economy amid COVID-19 crisis
Interpretation of good faith under IPC
It’s Time to help your Loved Ones with #Makingawill 
Why the beginning of the legal profession is the hardest and why most lawyers fail to get anywhere in the practice
Condonation of Delay
Dissolution of a Partnership
Why is Sport Hunting Cruel and Unnecessary?
Regulatory Compliance for Organizations in India
Preventive Relief under the Specific Relief Act, 1963
Conservation of Tiger under the Wildlife Protection Act, 1972
Finite vs Infinite Game: Which one are you playing?
Offences against Children
How does one file a complaint/F.I.R. during a lockdown? Can they go to the police station?
COVID-19: The Future of the Legal Industry 
My personal experience with Clients- A lesson for all young advocates
500 20
Difference between Police Custody and Judicial Custody under Cr.P.C
Delay in Criminal Justice System in India
Do this to get more work from clients right now
Place of Individuals in International Law
How can Lawyers deal with COVID-19?
Prevention of Atrocities Against SC/ST Act in light of the Constitution and Natural laws
Settlement of disputes in International Law
Rights of Tenants and Landlords during the COVID crisis
Constitutional Validity of Lockdown Order by the Central Government
Which Industries are Worst hit during Coronavirus Crisis
Powers of Police in a Lockdown
Music Sampling – A Threat to Copyright
The Epidemic Diseases (Amendment) Ordinance, 2020: Outlook and Challenges
19th century Epidemic Act’s efficiency during a 21st century outbreak
Risk Assessment of Contract
Importance of Will in the time of COVID-19
Foraging a Legal Rampart: India’s legal battle against Covid-19
World Intellectual Property Day, 2020
Where can you complain if the Police illegally beat you up?
International Law – Meaning and Definitions
501 20
What would happen if you are not able to pay EMIs during COVID-19 lockdown?
Social sector vs. litigation?
Safety and Security of Passengers travelling by Indian Railways
COVID – 19 & Contours of Criminal Liability: An Explainer
The Sophomoric Arrangement- Decision under a Crisis, leading to further Crisis
Breach of Public Peace under the Indian Penal Code
Blog Competition Winner Announcement (Week 4th March 2020)
Blog Competition Winner Announcement (Week 3rd March 2020)
How a Junior Advocate Struggles at the Beginning of his Legal Career
Can Specific Performance be Extracted from Joint Promisors for a Joint Promise?
Liability of the Employer to Remunerate to its Employees in the Event of COVID-19
Prevention and Detection of offences under the Wildlife Protection Act
Mischief under IPC – All you need to know about it
Murder under Indian Penal Code
Top 5 conservation Projects for Wildlife in India
Relation of Partners to Third Parties under Partnership Act
Partnership Property in the Partnership Act
Forfeiture of Property from Illegal Hunting and Trade
Rights of Lessor and Lessee during COVID-19
What can employers do for their workers in the midst of the COVID-19 lockdown?
502 20
Do earning wives have the right to maintenance?
Culpable Homicide under Indian Penal Code
How can litigators use the free time productively while courts are closed?
Interpretation of Taxation Statute
What are Smart Contracts and How do they Work?
Contract With Pardanashin Women
What industries are getting more investments during or because of COVID-19 crisis
Film Making Laws in India
Which professions are flourishing in the time of Corona Crisis?
What kind of matters are still being heard by courts during the lockdown?
Blockchain-related technology contracts
Role of Medical Practitioners in Crime Investigation
Budget 2020 in India: Not so REIT-Way!
Generalis Specialibus Non Derogant
The Feminist School of Criminology
Does releasing Prisoners from Jail to maintain Social Distancing indicates a poor living condition of inmates?
International Legal Liability of China- A Post Pandemic Combat
Extension and Restriction of a Partner’s Implied Authority
Trade and Environment
Disaster Management Act, 2005 with respect to COVID-19
503 20
Types of Trials in the Criminal Procedure Code, 1973
SEBI Checklist for Name Change of the Listed Entity under SEBI (LODR), 2015
Effect of Apostasy on Marriage under Muslim law
Enforcing Force Majeure amidst COVID-19
Duties and Powers of a Trustee
The Legal Impact on Commercial Contractual Obligation in India post COVID-19
Discharge of Surety’s Liability
Additional Grounds of Divorce for Wife under Hindu Marriage Act, 1955 
Is COVID-19 a Force Majeure in Commercial Contract?
Kabul Gurdwara Attack and its Legal Implications
A lonely place called the extra mile
Redefining Competition Law amid COVID-19
Analysis of Gender Neutrality Laws in India
Principle of Natural Justice in Arbitral Proceedings
How these 9 companies are innovatively tackling the COVID crisis
Should Law Firms Move their Internships Online in the Current Situation?
Can you build a career specializing in negotiating, drafting and enforcing tech contracts?
Right to Bail in the wake of the Corona Virus
International Conventions which shaped Intellectual Property Rights 
Trial under Code of Criminal Procedure, 1973 
504 20
Application to the Controller, Delhi Rent Control Act, 1958: Analysing two sides of the coin
Special Courts under SC & ST (Prevention of Atrocities) Act, 1989
[Pt 2] How to do business development for lawyers – in times of COVID crisis
All About Circumstantial Evidence
What are the Rights of Employees during COVID-19 Lockdown? Are their Interests Protected?
Procedure of Investigation under CrPC
The Chancellor’s Foot: Know Equity in Modern Times
All you need to know about Incubators and Accelerators
Exemption Provisions under takeover Code
Marital Rape: A Crime against Humanity
Homebuyers to be considered as Financial Creditors
The Plight of the WTO’s Appellate Body and Need for Damage Control
Critical Analysis of Rape of Male in India
Can copyright be obtained over a blog?
Eligibility to File a Petition under Oppression and Mismanagement
The ‘Ram Janma Bhoomi – Babri Masjid’ Dispute: Chronology & Final Determination by the Supreme Court of India
Interference of Indian Judiciary in Religious Matters
[Pt 1] How to do business development for lawyers – in times of COVID crisis
What kind of advice will clients expect from lawyers, during and after the COVID-19 crisis?
Case Analysis: William Grant & Sons Ltd. v. McDowell & Company Ltd.
505 20
Family Settlement Agreements: Substituting Inheritance Rights for a Mutually Beneficial Deed
How to prepare for judiciary while in law school
Types of Offer under Indian Contract Act, 1872
Anuradha Bhasin v. Union of India- Case Analysis
5 Most Common Contracts Executed by Real Estate or Housing Complex Developers and Financiers
Powers and Functions of the Juvenile Justice Board
AI and Environmental Law and Policy
Renegotiating contracts in the light of COVID-19 Crisis
CAA: Misconceptions which led the Country into Darkness and Chaos!
Scope and Significance of Examination of Accused under Section 313, CrPC
Analysis of Impact of Mega Merger of Public Sector Banks
Future of Virtual Courts in India after COVID-19 crisis
Resolutions adopted by the UN General Assembly relating to Outer Space
Is the Indian Legal Framework Capable of Handling the Coronavirus Pandemic?
Social Media and Copyright: Everything you need to know about it
Analysis of the Cryptocurrency judgment and way forward
Karvy Stock-Broking Scandal and How can Investors Protect Themselves
Offences relating to newborn or unborn child
Cracking the judiciary code against all odds!! #NoExcuses
[FREE] Pick the brains of the best legal minds in India
506 20
Legal Rights to Rivers: Emerging Trend
Can Learning Technology Contracts give you an Advantage as an In-house Counsel?
Need to Declare Video-Graphed Will as Valid Will
Key Terms in an Advertising Agreement
Drafting of Royalty Clause in a Book Publishing Agreement
Ramifications of the COVID-19 induced Lockdown on Realization of Contracts
Rectification of Instruments under the Specific Relief Act
Powers and Functions of the Child Welfare Committee
Will Arbitration move online after COVID-19?
Powers and functions of National and State Board of Wildlife
COVID-19 Effect on Litigation  
Why Moral Obliquity towards Citizenship Amendment Act, 2019: A Legislative comment on validation of recent amendment
Important Tips for Young Advocates and Interns appearing in Delhi Courts
What is a First Information Report?
Basic Principles of Interpretation of Statues
How to Draft an Application for a John Doe order?
All you need to know about Chit Funds
3 Legal Gods the Corporate World Cannot Do Without
Cheque Bounce and Retrieving the Money Back
The Concept of Corporate Veil and Reverse Piercing of the Corporate Veil
507 20
Video Conferencing: A Bailout to curb the outgrowth of cases during the COVID-19 pandemic
Dispute Settlement Mechanism under WTO
Family owned Trademarks after the split- A shared dilemma
How to Obtain an Exemption Pass for Businesses dealing with Essential Goods and Services
Copyright Infringement for Books written on the same Topic
Covid has created tremendous opportunity for lawyers
Death by Negligence under Section 304A
What Work will you be given if you get a Legal Internship in a Tech Giant like Google, Facebook or Amazon?
What kind of legal work is likely to flood law firms after lockdown is lifted?
Essentials of Valid Marriage under Muslim Law
Apart from lawyers, what other professionals need to learn about tech contracts?
Going Viral on LinkedIn? Yes, It’s Possible
Proceedings through screens: Analyzing its implementation in the Corona Virus outbreak
What kind of litigation can arise out of the disputes caused by the COVID-19 crisis?
One Sky- Clear Sky: Environment concerns through Air transport
Agreements against Public Policy under Law of Contracts
Impact of COVID-19 on M&A Transactions
Rights of Minors in a Partnership
Conflict of Laws in Matrimony
The Theoretical and Conceptual Framework of Family Law Mediation
508 20
Employee Protection Goals in India: A balance between workmen dues and claims of creditors under IBC 
Software and tools used by Law Firms to Work-from-Home
Laws against Fake News in Social Media
Blog Competition Winner Announcement (Week 2nd March 2020)
Where can I complain against a person who is illegally violating a Curfew or Lockdown?
Principle of Good Faith in International Law
Introduction to the concepts of Additional Dispute Resolution 
Charge under Section 100 of the Transfer of Property Act, 1882
Companies Fresh Start Scheme 2020 (CFSS -2020)
Judicial History of Income Tax and Cement Manufacturing Companies
Blog Competition Winner Announcement (Week 1st March 2020)
A step-by-step guide to writing a Research Paper
Critical Analysis of Juvenile Justice Act, 2000
Knowledge management during the lockdown – How to go about it?
How can law students make the most out of the lockdown?
Assessing the Implementation of Commercial Courts Act, 2015 in India: A Comparative Analysis
Section 138-142 of the Negotiable Instruments Act, 1881
The Tort of False Light: An Indian Perspective
Optography: A Forgotten phase of Forensic Screw-up
Power and Duties of Protection Officers under Protection of Women Against Domestic Violence Act
509 20
What are the challenges law firms are facing while the employees are working from home
What kind of legal work is keeping lawyers busy during the lockdown?
Transfer and Release of Child under the Juvenile Justice (Care and Protection of Children) Act
Is it possible to run a law firm if employees work from home?
National Lockdown Implications on Legal Professionals
Legal Consequences of Coronavirus Outbreak on Contracts
An analysis of the functioning of law firms
How can law firms increase and track the productivity of their employees working from home?
The secret to a great relationship starts with letter ‘V’
Whether all Discriminatory Religious Practices are Unconstitutional
Karma Dorjee v. Union of India (UOI) and Others
Blog Competition Winner Announcement (Week 4 February 2020)
An understanding of laws relating to Reserved Forests, Village Forests and Protected forests
Declaratory decree under the Special Relief Act, 1963
Uttar Pradesh Judicial Services Examination
Impact of coronavirus on global law firms
Cancellation of Instruments under the Specific Relief Act, 1963
Andhra Pradesh Judicial Services Examination
How do law firms make money?
Racial Profiling Vis-À-Vis Police Bias
510 20
All About Collective Investment Scheme
Top 10 law firms in India in the year 2019
Arrest and Detention for Execution of a Decree under CPC
All you need to know about Chhattisgarh Judicial Competitive Exam
Remedies for Breach of Contract
Copyright Act, 1957
Oral Evidence Under the Indian Evidence Act,1872
E-Signature: Bane OR Boon?
All about the Kerala Judicial Services Examination
Admissibility of Bank’s Slip as evidence in Court
How to ‘Survive + Thrive’ in this Lockdown
How should privacy policy and terms & conditions be amended post-GDPR?
Strict Liability Offences: Overview and Analysis
Penalties under the General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR)
Importance of Data Protection and Privacy Policies in Cyber Law
Overview of the Indian Forest Act, 1927
Importance of Customary International Law
Judgements of Court of Justice when relevant
Character when relevant under the Indian Evidence Act
Facts which need not be proved under the Indian Evidence Act
511 20
Arbitration law in India with reference to Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996
A Critical Analysis of The Surrogacy (Regulation) Bill, 2019
Unconventional Trademarks: Overview and Analysis
COVID-19 Puts Technology Contract Drafting on Steroids!
An Overview on the kinds of Relief provided for Violation of Geographical Indication In India
Opinion of Third Person under the Indian Evidence Act
Condition and Warranties on sale of goods
A saviour in times of distress: Analysis of Act of God provisions in law
Presumption as to Electronic Agreements under the Indian Evidence Act, 1872
Public Documents and Presumption as to Documents under the Indian Evidence Act
10x the Output of Your In-House Legal Team
Why is Evidence given by an Accomplice not Trustworthy?
Merger and Acquisition In Telecom Sector: Specific regulation to be considered
Blog Competition Winner Announcement (Week 3 February 2020)
Delisting of Equity Share: Key Steps and Approvals Required
Utilize these lockdown days to get ahead in your career
A Career in the Delhi Judicial Services
What after lockdown? How long will lockdowns last? How will all these impact the Indian economy and your work?
Disparity of Sentencing Policy in the Criminal Justice System
How to take legal actions against websites like Facebook, Twitter, and Google etc. for breach of your privacy?
512 20
Witnesses under the Indian Evidence Act
Everything about Bihar Civil Judicial Competitive Examination
Foreign Language and Desi Vakeel: The Untold Facet
The Transgender Persons (Protection of Rights) Act, 2019
Interesting Points of the Indiabulls Housing Finance – Lakshmi Vilas Bank Merger
What are clearing corporations? What do they do?
Role of NCLT in Fast Track Merger 
Intellectual Property Rights in IPL
Procedures of Criminal Law in India impacting personal liberty
Promissory Note: An innovative instrument
Privileged Communication under Indian Evidence Act, 1872
First hostile takeover tussle in the Information Technology Industry in India
Indigo dispute: How can shareholders’ agreement clauses create a rift between founders?
Acquihire transactions – Instances where it is beneficial and key considerations for Deal Structuring
Right to Self-Determination in International Law
Appointment and Transfer of Judges in Indian Judiciary
Waste Trafficking: Impact and Challenges
Judicial Notice under the Indian Evidence Act, 1872
My Ode to Happiness
Data Privacy in Digital Age: Indian Perspective
513 20
The Wild Life (Protection) Act, 1972: An overview
How the CoronaVirus Pandemic Impacts Commercial Contracts 
Turn this Corona Chaos into the Ladder of Your Legal Dreams 
Coronavirus smiles, legal system cracks
How are Mergers and Acquisitions regulated in UK?
How to work from home and the challenges you will face
All About Karta: His Power, Duties, Liabilities
Essentials to the Contract of Agency under Indian Contract Act, 1872
Passing of property under Sale of Goods Act, 1930
Vicarious Liability: Principal-Agent Relationship
How to draft a Will: resolve all your queries at one place quickly
Abortion Laws: Need for Overhaul, Amendment a Priority
International Civil Aviation: The Chicago Convention of 1944
Enforcement of Acts to Combat COVID-19 in India
Recent developments in Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016
Can a Non-Law Graduate become a Partner in a Law Firm?
Concept of Political Ideology: Left-wing and Right-wing
Is CS + LLB Useful for Corporate Law or In-house Legal Jobs?
All you need to know about the Punjab Judicial Services
Enforceability of Memorandum of Understanding
514 20
5 reasons for non-lawyers to learn contract drafting work and how it can help them in their careers
Forum shopping: Challenges in Private International Law
Drafting Process of Civil First Appeals
How Disputes Relating to IPR can be Resolved through ADR?
Major Difference Between Representations and Warranties
The UNCITRAL Model law on cross-border insolvency and the murky case of Jet Airways insolvency
5 Pointers on how to set up a contract review mechanism for your own company
Top 10 skills which an M&A lawyer must have
How can NRIs Invest in LLPs in India?
Difference between penalty and liquidated damages – relevance of liquidated damages clause in commercial contracts
Admissibility of circumstantial evidence  and admissibility in subsequent proceedings
Corona ki Jiayou (get the pun?) ?
Witness under the Indian Evidence Act, 1872
Right of Inheritance of an Artificially Inseminated Child under Muslim law 
Background and Analysis of the first ruling influenced by the Paris Agreement
Privileged Communications under The Indian Evidence Act, 1872
5 Most Important Contracts for Running a Restaurant Business or Hostel Successfully?
How to Negotiate a M&A Deal like a Rockstar!
Arbitral Process under Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996
Most Important Agreements and their Clauses for a Telecom Service Provider
515 20
Judge’s Power to put Questions or Order Production
How should a Software Development Company draft evaluation license terms for its software?
Sustainable development goals
How you can stop coronavirus and avoid its oncoming impact on your health, finance, and quality of life
International Criminal Court: All you need to know about
Admissibility of Evidence under the Indian Evidence Act, 1872
How to get Standing Orders modified?
An evolutionary approach to Employment Contract and its relevance 
3 Myths Busted about Corporate Law
Major Exponents of Natural School of Jurisprudence
Interested in Corporate Law? You can’t afford to miss our one-of-a-kind M&A Workshop!
Powers and Functions of the Arbitrator under the Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996
Cruelty under the Hindu Law
Legal remedy for a woman if her case has been dismissed in default by Trial Court
International and Municipal Law: An ultimate guide
Is Right To Information (Amendment) Bill 2019 Justified?
What Holi means for a LawSikho Student
Legal Validity of Click wrap and Shrink wrap agreements
$34.8 Billion Opportunity for Indian M&E Lawyers
Liquidation of Damages in Breach of Contract
516 20
Confession caused by Inducement, Threat or Promise, when Irrelevant in Criminal Proceedings
What is an End User License Agreement (EULA) and its key terms?
Key Factors to be Considered While Negotiating a Commercial Lease
The in-depth study on Union Public Service Commission
Crossing Cheque under Negotiable Instrument Act, 1881
Can Police Arrest You For PDA?
Blog Competition Winner Announcement (Week 2 February 2020)
Outsourcing Contracts: all you need to know about
Relevance of conditions precedent and subsequent & implications of non-compliance
Is practicing Real estate law a viable career choice for you?
Effects of Common Law System in India
Indian Evidence Act: Extent And Applicability
Examination and Cross-Examination of Witnesses under the Indian Evidence Act
An overview of the Essential Commodities Act,1955
Procedure for Buy-Back of Shares in Unlisted Companies
Restrictions on advertisement of cigarettes and other Tobacco products
Learn how to get rid of your cofounder from Mark Zuckerberg 
Improper Admission & Rejection of Evidence under Indian Evidence Act
Negotiation of Royalty Clause in a Contract for Book Publishing
The law of Sedition and the scope of it’s abuse
517 20
Ayodhya Case: India’s longest running Dispute
Opportunity in UAE for Indian law students & fresh law graduates
Initiative of the Ministry of Corporate Affairs for capacity building of Independent Directors
What do the Media and Entertainment Lawyers do?
Implications of recent changes in requirements relating to registration of charges under the Companies Act, 2013
Conflict of Interest and Challenges under Arbitration and Conciliation in India
Mentorship session on “How to deal with the police as a lawyer?”
How to draft a patent claim
What is a Straight Through Process adopted by MCA and what are the consequences in case of incorrect submission?
How can plantation owners in Assam or Darjeeling use geographical indications such as Assam Tea or Darjeeling Tea? 
The merger that made Mickey Mouse and Nemo the corporate cousins!
How will including Merger and Amalgamation under IBC resolution benefit the corporate debtor
Constitution, Formation, Appointment of Presiding Officers, Powers and  Subordination of Criminal Courts under the Code of Criminal Procedure,1973
CCPA vs GDPR – A Brief Perspective
Top 10 Blogs and Websites for Merger and Acquisition lawyers in India
Nature of Hindu Marriage under the Hindu Law
Rule of Marshalling and Contribution: Which will prevail?
Are you geared up to pass the employer’s litmus test? 
National Conference on ‘Crime Against Woman’ at Lingaya’s Vidyapeeth (Date: 1st and 2nd April, 2020)
An Introduction to Alternative Dispute Resolution 
518 20
Recent developments in Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996
The Vishaka Guidelines: A step against Sexual Harrasment
Why was the Two-Finger Test banned?
Will your career take a leap this leap year? Only a few hours left to start your gigs!
Landmark Infringement Cases for Infringement of Trademarks
Process and Benefits of Trademark Licensing in India
Laws governing Indian Forests: Amendments to Indian Forest Act, 1927
Challenges faced by Media and Entertainment startups in India
Top Cases of Copyright Law in 2019
How does prostitution market operate? Human Rights for prostitutes in South Asian region
All you need to know about Adoption and Maintenance under Hindu Laws
Rights, Liabilities and Removal of a Guardian under the Hindu Minority and Guardianship Act, 1956
Here’s how you can educate your employees about insider trading…
Everything about Himachal Pradesh Judicial Services Competitive Examination
Human Resource Factors in Mergers and Acquisition
5 things an Acquirer needs to consider in relation to ESOPs of the Target Company
Legal Validity and Government Regulation related to Internet Shutdown in 2019
The McDonald’s Founders’ Contracts Disaster!
Judgement and Decree under Code of Civil Procedure, 1908
Cross Border Demergers: Lack of Clarity?
519 20
Can Takeover amount to Oppression of Minority Shareholders
What are the factors to be kept in mind by the board of a target company while choosing between different acquirers?
Power and Position of a Karta under Hindu Law
What can happen if you don’t read your End-user License Agreements seriously? 
Overview of the Hindu Minority and Guardianship Act, 1956
Divorce under Hindu Marriage Act, 1955
Doctrine of Caveat Emptor
The Boomerang of Enliven: the Bonded Labour System (Abolition) Act, 1976
IBC proceeding v/s Out of NCLT settlement: Which one’s worth it?
Internal Aids to Construction
What is the world’s longest-running litigation?
Coparcenary under Hindu Law: An Overview of the recent Amendments
Void and Voidable Marriages under Hindu Marriage Act, 1955
Blog Competition Winner Announcement (Week 1 February 2020)
Construction Workers Problems and Associated Labour Laws Compliance in Construction Industries in India
Upholding Human Rights in the era of globalised Terrorism
Liabilities of a Guardian under Hindu Law
4000+ assessment internships leading to paid opportunities up for grabs
Cruelty as a ground for Divorce
Introduction to Hindu Law in India
520 20
An Overview of the Air (Prevention and Control of Air Pollution) Act 1981
What makes genocide possible?
What do our learners have to say about diploma in the contract drafting course?
Game of Drones: Evolution of Drone laws in India
Confidentiality and Privacy in Healthcare
Role of Customs in moulding Hindu Laws
Essential Elements of Sponsorship Agreement
Formation and Incorporation of a Company
Judicial Separation under Hindu Marriage Act, 1955
Difference between Term Sheet of Equity, CCPS and CCD under different clauses
Legal Framework for the protection of Child Rights in India
The Law Firm Learning Curve Paradox
Blog Competition Winner Announcement (Week 5 January 2020)
Kashmir: through the Lenses of History
Disinvestment in LIC: Explained
Overlooked and frequently violated animal welfare laws
Damnum Sine injuria & Injuria Sine Damnum: All you must know
Credit Card Fraud: Penal Provisions & Ways to deal with it
State Succession under International Law
Sexual Harassment of women at workplace (Prevention, Prohibition And Redressal) Act, 2013
521 20
Protective Devices of Standard Form Contract
Burden of proof under a Cheque bouncing case vis a vis a civil suit for recovery
Role of IPR in Economic Development
Which are the Best Labour and Employment Law Firms in India
Pacta Tertiis Nec Nocent Nec Prosunt
Pacta Sunt Servanda: All you need to know about it
Transfer of property under the Sale of Goods Act, 1930
How price of a sale is determined under the Sale of Goods Act, 1930
Essential Elements of a Mortgage Deed
Why do we need an Artist Agreement 
Can Shares be issued at a Discount? When?
Who are Debenture Trustees and how are they appointed?
Are Foreign Companies required to register with the Registrar of Companies?
Essential clauses of Cloud Computing Agreement 
All you need to know before buying a Second-hand car in India
Listing the top technology law firms around the globe and in India
Top Labour and Employment Law Firms in India
What’s the LTV? 
Protection of Women from Domestic Violence Act
Detailed Analysis of the CENVAT Credit Rules, 2017
522 20
Essential Clauses of Endorsement Agreement
What is RBI and IRDA Regulatory Sandbox and its Role in the Financial Sector?
What to keep in mind before buying property in Jaipur region for residential purposes?
The Era of Designer Babies through Genetic Engineering
What kind of people do you hate to work with? 
Occupational Health and Safety Requirements for Foundry and Construction Workers in India
Infringement of Copyright in a Design
Fair Use Law in India under Copyright Act
Valuation of a Services Company
Computation of Wealth Tax under the Wealth Tax Act: An Overview
Economic Tort: Tort of Conspiracy
Conditions restraining Alienation under the Transfer of Property Act, 1882
Are you thinking of working in competition law think-tanks?
International Space Laws and Crimes in Space
Analysis of Comparative Advertisement and Disparagement
How to file an online complaint if your wallet is lost or stolen
Top 10 Trademark Law Firms in India
An Analysis of the Hire Purchase Agreement
What’s one thing you can achieve in a day? | One day to go
Personal Laws: Decriminalization and Criminalization of certain Acts
523 20
Hey, You! The Responsible One. You Can Afford to be a Little Irresponsible
Performance of the Contract of Sale under the Sale of Goods Act
Concept of Condition and Warranty under the Sale of Goods Act
Kinds of transfer of property under Transfer of Property Act, 1882
Express and Implied Warranties under the Sale of Goods Act
Protecting Intellectual Properties of a Company
What is the role of competition lawyers in the age of high-growth startups?
Nature and Definition of International Law
What legal aspects you should remember while developing a technology where many different agencies and parties are involved
What legal action you can take when your website is Hacked?
Trade Dress Protection in India and the US
The Doctrine of Rebus Sic Stantibus under International Law
International Efforts for Protecting & Improving the Environment
Powers and Procedure for Income Tax Raids (Search and Investigation)
International Economic Organisation: details you must know
A single decision in the next 72 hours can alter your future
Treaties and Third Parties under International Law
Rights of an Unpaid Seller under the Sale of Goods Act
Blog Competition Winner Announcement (Week 4 January 2020)
What are Corporate Debt Restructuring (CDR) Schemes and do these require the approval of NCLT?
524 20
Surrogacy: a battle of Law and Ethics
How to work in Europe as an Indian lawyer?
Three Important Contracts used in the Film Industry
Legal issues in Franchising
Information Utility under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code
Five NCLT decisions you must know about
Judicial waiver system and it’s failure in juvenile delinquency laws in India
State Recognition under International Law
What is IEPF and how is it created under Company Law?
Sale and Agreement to Sell: An Analysis of Statutory Provisions
Auction Sale under the Sale of Goods Act, 1930   
Novation, Rescission, Alteration under the Indian Contract Act
Law of the Sea: An Analysis of Contemporary Conflicts
The Doctrine of Renvoi in Private International Law
Why witness has to take an oath in Judicial Proceedings?
Nationality under International Law: All you need to know about it
International and State-sponsored terrorism 
Doctrine of Jus Cogens under International Law
Jurisdiction in International Law: details you must know
Legality of the use of nuclear weapons: A guide
525 20
Foreign LLMs: How to choose what you want
Fundamental principles of International Humanitarian Law 
Relationship between International and Municipal Law
Essentials of Commercial Lease Agreement: an ultimate guide
One Nation, One Rule: Uniform Civil Code
Role of Intellectual Property Rights in Biotechnology
Lawful recourse to Force under the International Law
Zelus 3.0 (Flagship Sports Fest Organised by RGNUL) March 5-8, Register by 7th February
Transition from physical books to eBooks
Slavery and unlawful compulsory labour 
False imprisonment under Law of Torts
Classification of Companies under the Companies Act, 2013
Advertising Ethics and Consumer Protection: a legal analysis
Competition law & Career opportunities in the field: Let us tell you about it!
Discrimination towards Sexual Minorities in India
Presidential System vs. Parliamentary System
How to get your Book Published?
How to establish how much alimony you should get in case of divorce?
All about Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999
Statelessness under International Law: All you want to know
526 20
Procedure of Trial under the Civil Procedure Code
What it takes to be a lawyer specializing in Business laws for an In-house counsel?
Extended Jurisprudence of Article 21 through the Lens of Right to Livelihood
Scope & Extent of Freedom of Speech & Expression under the Constitution
Relevance & Importance of the United Nations in the Contemporary World Order
History, Objectives & Principles of the United Nations
Emergency in India: Explanation of Article 352-360 under the Constitution
Understanding the Concept and Procedure of Recovering of Possession of Immovable Property
Key Insights of an Escrow Mechanism
Advantages and Disadvantages of Investing in an IPO
The Fuel That Lights The Fire
Cases when Article 131 of the Constitution was invoked
Acquisition by Zomato of Uber Eats: Analysis
Conspiracy Under Torts
What is the RoIe for an LLM degree in Competition Law?
Extradition and Asylum: All you must know about Procedures, Rules & Differentiation
Principle of Quantum Meruit under Indian Contract Act
CCI’s Report on Market Study on e-commerce 
Functional differences between the ICC and ICJ
Professional Development Training Programme on Intellectual Property Rights at Bar Council of India, New Delhi [February 2]
527 20
Can a Partnership firm be dissolved through Arbitration?
Death Penalty: Analysis on History, Primary Issues & Challenges
Gender Role and Stereotypes
Domestic Violence: Overview of Types & Punishments under Domestic Violence Act
Reciprocal Promise: Types & Statutory Provisions under Indian Contract Act
Beef Ban in India
Consideration and Privity of Contract
7 fundamental changes in the legal services industry to expect in this decade
Do you need Cyber Security Insurance?
Atrocious Witch Hunting Attacks in India: Need for Central Legislation
Difference between Presidential and Parliamentary form of Government
Space Laws: International Television Broadcasting, Remote Sensing & Nuclear Power 
Exploration of Space and Property Rights on the Moon
Right to Property in India: everything important you should know about
International Court of Justice- Cour Internationale De Justice
Adulterous Relationship: Gender Neutral or Criminal Intent
Master Access enrolments are now LIVE!
Roles & Responsibilities of the CEO, COO & CFO in the Company
State Judiciary in India
National Conference on Latest Trends in Corporate Laws and Governance Regime (Date: February 6 & 7, 2020)
528 20
Essentials of an Employee Stock Option Plan (ESOP) Scheme
The State Executive: Article 153-167 & Article 213
10 Senior Advocates practicing Competition law you should definitely know about!
Role and Duties of Resolution Professional under the IBC, 2016
Types of Agreements related to Music Production
Doctrine of Transferred Malice under Indian Penal Code
All you need to know about shell companies
Analysis of CCI’s Green Channel Mechanism for M&A
Lokpal and Lokayuktas under the Lokpal and Lokayukta Act, 2013
The scope of Corporate Criminal Liability
Blog Competition Winner Announcement (Week 3 January 2020)
National Law Universities (NLU): need for nationalization
You gotta know about real estate law practice as a field of specialization with huge incentives!
National Security Act, 1980: Overview and Analysis
Significance of a Date in a Will
Acid Attack: Disfiguring the face of the society
Top 10 legal websites in India in 2019
The plight of under trials in the criminal justice system
UberEaten by Zomato: Anti-competitive nature of the acquisition
Client Management and Drafting Bullet Proof Contracts as a Freelancer
529 20
11 prominent law firms to work for as a Competition law lawyer
What legal actions can you take if you are a victim of false sexual harassment allegation?
Top 10 Legal Websites in the World in 2019
Key Clauses of Proof of Concept Agreement
Regulation of Encrypted Online Communication Services Around the World 
Non-Disclosure Agreements (NDAs): all you need to know
Overview of ADR in Sports with respect to Court of Arbitration
Five points to be included in the corporate governance annual report section
Managing Fake Accounts & Profiles on Social Networking Sites
Defamation law in India
50 Highest Paid Services Provided by IP Law Firms
Safeguards against arbitrary arrest and detention: Article 22
Incorporation of a Company under Section 8 of the Companies Act, 2013
Steps & Strategies to Deal with Menace of Piracy & Online Leaks
Are One person companies (OPCs) better than sole proprietorships? How?
Interpretation of ‘Good Faith’ under IPC
Modes of Recovery of Income Tax under the Second Schedule of Income Tax rules and How they are different from Order 21 of the Civil Procedure Code
This is a new year gift for all Competition Law enthusiasts from us at LawSikho. Read to know more!
How to File and Draft Proof of Claim before the Liquidator
Procedure to file an appeal before the Securities Appellate Tribunal
530 20
How to Settle Tax Disputes with Tax Authorities in India
Essentials of Articles of Association: resolve all your queries at one place quickly
How to comply with insider trading regulations
Defamation: A Comparative Study of its Blend under Civil & Criminal Laws
Overview of Wrongful Restraint & Wrongful Confinement under Indian Penal Code
Res Sub-Judice under CPC: Nature, Scope and Objective
Death, Marriage and Insolvency of parties under CPC
Is self-publishing of a book a good idea?
Everything important you should know about U.P.S.C. and S.P.S.C.
All you want to know about Credit Facilities provided by the Bank
Right to Freedom of Religion: Articles 25-28 of the Indian Constitution
The 10% stretch
Dowry Death under Section 304b of IPC & 113b of Evidence Act
Match-Fixing and Betting Laws in India
All you need to know about a Deemed University
The deal between Uber and Careem: Details you must know 
What is the peak you will scale?
#ClimateCrisis- What are you doing about it?
Blog Competition Winner Announcement (Week 2 January 2020)
What are the top Mergers and Acquisition Law Firms in India?
531 20
Can a disqualification incurred by a director for Non-Filing of Financial Statements be removed? How?
How did you spend your Sunday morning?
Death by Negligence: Section 304A under IPC
Essentials of a Lock-Out Agreement
Inter-state water dispute: Constitutional and statutory provisions
From Daydreaming to Starting Small
Powers and Procedure for Income Tax Raids (Search and Investigation)
Know Your Rights- Protection against Facial Recognition Software
Calculation of Depreciation under the Income Tax Act, 1961
Listing of a company – Benefits for employees
Kidnapping and abduction: Sections 359 to 374 under IPC, 1860
How to obtain bail for your client under Cr.P.C.?
How did tax exemptions change for Start-ups in 2018?
Three major trends in the legal profession young lawyers can rejoice about
Section 307 & 308 of IPC: Attempt to commit murder and culpable homicide
How to protect your client from arrest
What is the Centralized Collection Mechanism and how does this impact Stamp Duty?
The Personal Data Protection Bill, 2019 and its repercussions
First appeals under the Code of Civil Procedure, 1908
Constitution of Criminal Courts under the Code of Criminal Procedure
532 20
Freedom of Trade, Commerce and Intercourse: Articles 301 to 307 of the Indian Constitution
Sports Merchandising and Law in India: All you need to know about
Sedition in India: mind blowing points you must know
Essentials of an Asset Purchase Agreement
Know about the Biggest Mergers & Acquisitions of 2019
Article 105 & 194: Parliamentary & State Legislative Privileges under Indian Constitution
What Bloggers should know about Copyright Infringements & Policies
6 Health Insurance Mistakes You Could Be Making and Don’t Know About
How Indian Companies can make Foreign Acquisitions
Substantive Provisions under Competition Act, 1998
Single-player v. Team game
Right to Equality: Article 16, 17 & 18 under the Indian Constitution
Basis & Purpose of Charge under Criminal Procedure Code
The State Legislature: Article 168 to 212 under Indian Constitution
Citizenship Amendment Act: 133.92 crores in dilemma!
How to make a career as a Consultant for prevention of sexual harassment at workplace?
All you need to know about a Book Publishing Agreement
From the Creation of Article 370 and 35A to Abolition
Article 101 and 102 TFEU: Private Enforcement in the Courts of Member States
Procedure for Copyright Registration under Indian Copyright Act, 1957
533 20
Types of Agreements related to Film Production
This is how much you can earn by drafting a single contract! 
The Union Territories and Tribal Areas: Articles 239, 240, 241 and 244 under the Indian Constitution
Strategic rationale behind Google’s acquisition of Motorola mobility for $12.5 Bn and sale at $2.91 Bn
Essentials of a Consultancy Agreement
Anti-Doping Laws for Cricketers
Bill of Sale: all you need to know
What can a Consumer do if Builder is Delaying Delivery of a Flat Excessively
All you need to know about Chit Funds
Blog Competition Winner Announcement (Week 1 January 2020)
Global corruption and its impact in relation to international human right laws
Prevention of Oppression and Mismanagement Under the Companies Act, 2013
The story of Citizenship: interesting facts you must know about
Xerox’s ongoing attempt to acquire HP
The Nature of the Indian Constitution
Taxation On Income From Royalty Under Income Tax Act, 1961
Articles 124-147: Analysis of Constitutional Provisions pertaining to Union Judiciary
Capital markets lawyers: what do they have to do for an IPO?
20 landmark judgments passed by the Supreme Court in 2019
Essentials of a Marketing Agreement
534 20
Error of Law and Fact and scope of Judicial Review in Administrative Law
The Union Executive: Articles 52 to 78 and 123 Under Indian Constitution
Article 32-35: Right to Constitutional Remedies & Restrictions on Fundamental Rights
Conversion of Public Limited Company into Private Limited Company
Panchayats, Municipalities and Co-operative Societies: Analysis of Constitutional Provisions
How will you draft the terms and conditions of a food delivery app
Essentials of a Video Game Licencing Agreement
How a career as a technology lawyer the hottest thing that could happen in this decade?
Blockchain Technology and its impact on matters of public interest 
Conjugal Rights to prisoners: A desideratum
Immigration in the US: Know everything about it
The Parliament of India Under Indian Constitution
Fundamental Duties: Article 51-A Under Indian Constitution
Execution of a Decree under Code of Civil Procedure, 1908
How taking up pro bono work makes a difference in your career as a lawyer
How to get a building plan approval in the city of Pune
Directive Principles of State Policy: Articles 36 – 51 Under Indian Constitution
Review, Appeal & Revision: All you need to know about it
Injunction: All you need to know about it
Rules & Procedures governing Mergers under the UK Law
535 20
Presumption of innocence and reverse burden of proof: maintaining rights of accused in current crime epidemic
Overview and Applicability of Software Licensing Agreement in India
5 Industries where Sexual Harassment Laws Implementation is Particularly Challenging
Key Changes Introduced by the Code on Industrial Relations Bill 2019
An Insider Insight to International Moot Court Competition
What are the various Steps Involved in case of Amalgamation of two Banks?
Elaboration of Mischief Under Indian Penal Code
Essential Stages Of Merger And Acquisition Under Corporate Law
Article 21: Meaning & Scope of Protection of Life & Personal Liberty
Articles 31A to 31C of Indian Constitution
Ten Essential Clauses Of A Music License Agreement Under Indian Copyright Act, 1957
Indian Electoral System: Flaws and Alternatives
Jammu & Kashmir: Past conflicts to present conflicts
Conflict between Constitutional Law and Customs: Indian Young Lawyers Association vs. State of kerala 
Meaning, Features & Incorporation of a Company under Companies Act 2013
Impact of the Commercial Courts Act and the Amendment to it upon claims of Trademark Infringement and Passing Off
Top 10 Real Estate Lawyers in Mumbai
Preventive Detention: detrimental to Human Rights
Choosing a Criminal Defense Attorney in Mississauga: what you need to know! 
Different Kinds of Merger and Acquisition Structures and Differences Between Them
536 20
Who can initiate a proceeding for a labour law violation and how?
Jurisdiction of Civil Courts Under Code of Civil Procedure
An Overview of Right to Equality under Article 14 of the Constitution
Protection in respect of Conviction for Offences: Blend of Constitutional & Procedural Laws
How to find the right senior to work with
Origin, Sources of International Law including Customary Rules
What is the quickest way to be made a partner in a law firm?
International Law: Meaning, Necessity, Application and Relevance
Law of the Sea: An Inclusion of Treaties & Customary Laws
Right against Exploitation (Articles 23-24) Under Indian Constitution
International Law of Treaties: Basis, Observance & Reservation
Article 13 of the Indian Constitution
Implications of IBC (Second Amendment) Bill, 2019 on a Lawyer’s Practice
Second Appeal under Civil Procedure Code: Nature, Scope, Forum & Procedure
Void Agreements under Section 29 & 30 of Indian Contract Act
The Preamble of the Indian Constitution 
The tiny spark matters
A Brief Capsule on Reference & Revision under Civil Procedure Code,1908
Legality of Object and Consideration under Indian Contracts Act, 1872
Legal Framework Regulating Foreign Contribution To Start-ups In India
537 20
Consideration and Promissory Estoppel Under Indian Contract Act, 1872
Essentials of Memorandum of Understanding: A guide
Union and Its Territory Under Indian Constitution
An Overview of E-Commerce Under Cyber Law
Blog Competition Winner Announcement (Week 4 December 2019)
Revision under Code of Civil Procedure, 1908
Transfer of Cases under CPC
What are the different types of lawyers that must learn Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code?
Right to Strike: Proposed Amendment in the Indian Constitution
Suicide: Religious, Sociological and Legal Perspective 
Inherent Powers Of The Court Under CPC, 1908
Blog Competition Winner Announcement (Week 3 December 2019)
Modes of Execution Under CPC
How do you begin your new year?
Article 12 of the Indian Constitution- Definition of State
Void Agreements Under Indian Contract Act, 1872
Pre-Trial Procedure: Steps to Ensure Accused’s Presence at the Trial Under CrPC
I can predict what the next decade will be like
Abuse of dominance: Pricing Practices Under Competition Act
Registration of Unauthorized Colonies in Delhi Under National Capital Territory of Delhi (Recognition of Property Rights of Residents in Unauthorised Colonies) Act, 2019
538 20
Restitution and Res Judicata under Civil Procedure Code, 1908
Offences Relating to Religion Under IPC, 1860
The insane unpredictability of butterfly effect and how to harness it in your favor
Salient Features of the Indian Constitution
Salient Features of Limitation Act, 1963
Distribution of Assets Under CPC, 1908
Proceedings for maintenance of wives, children and parents under CrPC
Why the BCI is wrong about its plan to send law graduates for a mandatory stint in district courts
Are you overexposed to losers?
Law with regard to Citizenship: To be or not to be?
Right to pray or desecrating a sacred place: Sabarimala judgement
Just slightly better, but massively profitable
Triple talaq: Where is a woman’s Right to Equality?
Discovery, Inspection, Production of documents, Admission & Affidavit under CPC
Transfer of cases under CrPC, 1973
Age is No Bar When Law Meets School of Rock
How to land in-house counsel jobs: a guide for experienced lawyers
Search, Seizure and Production of Materials Under Criminal Law
Getting an in-house counsel job as a fresher
Constitution of India: A Historical Creation
539 20
Elaboration On Undue influence Under Indian Contract Act, 1872
Best TMT (Technology, Media and Telecommunications) Law Firms in India
Best Dispute Resolution Firms in India
What Youtubers Should Know About Youtube’s Copyright Policy?
Essentials Of A Venue-Hire Agreement
Recent Changes In 2019 FDI Policy for E-commerce Stores
Registration of Film Titles Under Trademark Law
Constitutionality of the Provisions on Compulsory and Statutory Licensing in the Copyright Act
Offer and Acceptance Under Indian Contract Act, 1872
Trial of Warrant Cases by Magistrates Under Code of Criminal Procedure, 1973
Blog Competition Winner Announcement (Week 2 December 2019)
Why do POSH Consultants Struggle to Get New Clients?
Why in-house counsel jobs are becoming very attractive
Receipt of Stolen Property under IPC
Appropriation of payments and Discharge by agreement
How do Proceedings before Settlement Commission Work?
Punishment for Murder Under IPC
Maneka Gandhi v. Union of India, 1978 AIR 597, 1978 SCR (2) 621
Principal Features Of A Fair Trial
False Evidence and Offences Against Public Justice 
540 20
Are you a legal genie or a legal peeve?
Performance of contract
Impact of Recent Amendments in Arbitration Law in India
An overview to Lapse of Offer under the Indian Contract Act, 1872
Commercial Courts Under Commercial Courts Act, 2015
What are the 5 Most Important Arbitration Destinations Around the World?
Delivery of Property Under CPC
Private Defence related to Property: A guide
Real cost of ‘guilt’ of making your parents spend INR 30,000 on an online course
Special Rules of Evidence Under CrPC, 1973
Top 5 Income Tax Lawyers in India and One Landmark Case They Argued
Mistake Under Indian Contract Act, 1872
How the new laws on keeping arms affect the present situation
Free Consent Under the Indian Contract Act, 1872
Review Procedures under CrPC: interesting facts you must know about
What motivates you to pursue excellence in law 
Citizenship (Amendment) Act, 2019: Everything important you should know about
Validity Citizenship (Amendment) Act, 2019 in the light of Indian Constitution
Misrepresentation under the Indian Contract Act, 1872: An overview
Judgment under the Criminal Procedure Code, 1973
541 20
Robbery and Dacoity Under IPC
Consideration under the Indian Contract Act, 1872
Private Defence Related to Body Under IPC
Merger in EU Competition Law: Overview and Analysis
RCEP vis a vis India: An agreement which is boon or a ban? 
There’s something called legal mindfulness…..
Triple Talaq- Islamisation of Women And Global Perspective
Offences Relating to Documents: All you need to know about it
General Principles of Contracts
Acceptance Of Proposal Under Indian Contract Act, 1872
How to Purchase Stamp Paper from the Website of SHCIL?
NUJS Alumni – Statement in Solidarity
Dying Declaration: Resolve all your queries at one place quickly
How can you turn the endless waiting in courtrooms into productive time?
Delay in Civil Litigation: Overview and Analysis
Statement of Solidarity
Elaboration of Caveat Under CPC
Top Marketing Agreements That A Market Development Research Must Know
Why Cyber Security Should Be Digital India’s Foremost Priority
Constitutional Validity of 103rd Constitutional Amendment Act, 2019
542 20
Attachment of Property: interesting facts you must know about
Functionaries under the Code of Criminal Procedure, 1973: An overview
Investigation by Police: Resolve all your queries at one place quickly
It is easier to find men who will volunteer to die
What are the Different Types of Residential Status Under Income Tax Act and What is their Relevance?
Execution, Suspension, Remission And Commutation of Sentences
Disposal of Criminal Cases Without Full Trial Under CrPC
Anticipation of Invention: What constitutes Anticipation in India?
Trial Before a Court of Session Under Criminal Procedure Code
The real work starts when you are in pain
Offences Relating to Children: All you need to know about it
Indian Young Lawyers Association & Ors. vs. The State of Kerala & Ors. (2018)
Courts and Parties in CrPC: Details you must know
Raison D’être of Information Utilities Under The Insolvency And Bankruptcy Code, 2016
Criminal Conspiracy & Joint Liability Under IPC
How to move up the value chain – and why there are no other options
General Exceptions Under Indian Penal Code
Capital Punishment a Deterrence or Injustice?
Understanding the sweep of ‘Import’ under Custom Act, 1962
Overview of Statutory Enactments and Regulators of Labour and Employment Laws in India
543 20
What it feels like, being inside the target of a hostile takeover
Arrest And Detention Under CPC
Rules and Regulations Governing Financial Institutions in India
A small trick to make success easy and inevitable
Commencement of Proceedings Before Magistrates
Torts Affecting Contractual And Business Relations
Punishment under IPC: All you need to know about it
Appeal from Orders Under CPC
Arrest of Persons Under CrPC, 1973
Appeals to Supreme Court
IFSC Companies and Benefits Available to Them
Appearance and Non-appearance of Parties
Export Licensing and Schemes for Defence Export
Criminal Force and Assault: Everything important you should know about
Sexual Offences And Laws in India
Cognizance of Offences
Five reasons why auditors resign before their term
Five benchmark rulings by Authority for Advance Rulings
Bail: Resolve all your queries at one place quickly
Theft and Extortion Under IPC
544 20
Blog Competition Winner Announcement
Enterprise Act, 2002: Market Studies and Market Investigations
Intellectual Property in the Videogame Industry- With Comparative Analysis of PUBG and Fortnite
Offences Relating to Army, Navy and Air Force
Do you know the Word of the Year of 2019 for the Lawyers?
Jurisdiction Under IPC
The Industrial Employment (Standing Orders) Act, 1946
Which Disclosures are to be made on a Continuous basis by a Listed Company?
Criminal Misappropriation and Breach of Trust
Hurt and Grievous Hurt: Everything you need to know about it
How to make your internship program amazing and get the best out of it: a guide for lawyers and law firms
Offences Against Public Tranquility
The Obligations of Member States Under the EU Competition Rules
The Mines Act, 1952: A Comprehensive Analysis
The Transgender Bill, 2019: Empowerment or Institutionalised Oppression
Law of Evidence: An Overview of Different Kinds of Evidence
Seeking status v. Seeking opportunity
Elements Constituting A Crime
Key Personnel Involved in the Implementation of Standing Orders within a Company and their Duties
Abuse of Dominance: Non-Pricing Practices in EU and UK Law
545 20
Article 102 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union (TFEU)
Attempt to Commit Crime Is In Itself an Offence Under IPC
Humility as the engine of success
Criminal Trespass and Its Aggravated Forms
Five Common Pitfalls That Managers Suffer While Negotiating Contracts
Key Managerial Personnel (KMP)
Who is Empowered to Commence Investigation for Violations of Standing Orders?
State Anti-Conversion Laws in India
Enforcement of Arbitral Awards
Rules and Regulations Pertaining to Coins and Government Stamps
Contempts of the Lawful Authority of Public Servants
What are the Best Tax Law Firms/Practices in India?
Prospectus and promoters: A guide
Elaboration on the Procedures Contained in The Minimum Wages Act, 1948
What Fields Should a Contract Management Software Detect to Ensure Your Risks are Uniform?
Computation of Profits & Bonus under Payment of Bonus Act, 1965
Payments & Deductions of Wages under Payment of Wages Act, 1936
Minority Protection under Company  Law
Realizing the Importance of Clinical Legal Education In India
What are the civil and criminal liabilities of directors, managers and officers of the company for violation of labour legislations?
546 20
Leave Related Provisions In Shops and Establishments Vs. Standing Orders Rules
Kinds of Company
Why is this lady lawyer forced to drive a truck to make ends meet?
Blog Competition Winner Announcement
How Should You Customize or Draft Boilerplate Clauses in a Commercial Contract? (Even If You Take Them From Another Website Or Someone Else Document)
What is Common to Contracts in South Africa and India?
How Does 2018 Amendment To Specific Relief Act Impact Contract Enforcement?
Hate crimes: Their nature and ideology behind making the laws connected with them
Contempt of Court: Language, and the Fundamental Right of the Freedom of Speech
LawSikho gets 2 new co-founders
Are there any norms for charging society maintenance expenses under RERA or other laws in Mumbai
Recover Possession of a Movable Property
The Relationship Between Intellectual Property Rights and Competition Law
What is the world record for a plank?
Keshvananda Bharati v State of Kerala, (1973)
Statutes relating to Working Hours, Conditions of Service and Employment
Five Different Business Models in Property Tech Space
Causing of miscarriage
Why you should learn to enjoy your work rather than just doing it
What you can learn from amoeba in an economic slowdown
547 20
How will you Draft the Terms and Conditions of a Food Delivery App?
What are the changes introduced by the new Shops and Establishments Act in Maharashtra?
Cheating: a criminal offence under the Indian Penal Code
Abetment: important pointers you must know about
Exordium to the Era of Contract Labour (Regulation and Abolition) Act, 1970
Where is the spark?
Offences Against the State: All you need to know about it
IBC Section 10 – A Peculiar and Distinctive Provision
Five Most Serious Offences Under The Income Tax Act
Do you know which is the poorest district of India? Even that has enough opportunities for budding lawyers
Question of Abuse of Dominant Position by E-Commerce Giants with Reference to AIOVA v Flipkart case
Party Autonomy in UNCITRAL Model Law
Brexit Deal as a Bone of Contention for the EU
How to nominate the shares in your own name
What is the Straight Through Process (STP) Adopted By MCA and What are the consequences in case of Incorrect Submission?
Statute Interpretation : Overview and Analysis
Case Disposed: What all you need to know?
How can you earn 1 lakh per month as a young lawyer? Is it an impossible dream?
Ten Requirements of the LODR in Relation to Corporate Governance
Leading with Pro Bono: Global Strategies for Local Impact
548 20
One Nation One Election: Dice with Death
Judicial Waiver System And its Failure In Juvenile Delinquency Laws In India
Criminalization of Marital Rape, Much Needed Reform
Austin’s sovereignty theory and its relevance in modern Indian political and legal environment
Copyright versus Designs: Kurukshetra of Indian Fashion Industry
Slavery from the Perspective of a Legal Scholar
Meetings under Company Law
Patent: Procedure for Filing an Application
Appointment and Qualification of Directors: An ultimate guide
Introduction of Labour and Employment Laws
Five Interesting Points In Sebi (Issue And Listing Of Debt Securities By Municipalities) Regulations, 2015
How do you express your love for the universe?
All you need to know about Violence against women
Decoding Cybercrime in India
Piracy: Definition, Laws, and Prevention
The Collection of Statistics Act, 2008
European Union Competition Law: Mergers
Story of the startup law firm that is knocking on the door of greatness
Blog Competition Winner Announcement
What is your most productive time in the day and how do you use it?
549 20
Remembering the Sabarimala Verdict: A Conflict of Customs and Law
Euthanasia: Does Right To Life Include Right To Die?
Witness Hunting: Competency, Reliability& Protection of Witnesses
One Country One Language against the Idea of Federalism
Impact of food delivery apps on small scale restaurants in India
Borrowing, Lending, Investments, and Contracts: an overview
Nature of Company and Registration: A guide
Living one feeling at a time
Rule against Perpetuity and Perpetual Transfers
Procedure for Execution of a Decree of Sale of Immovable Property
Internet Shutdowns and the Temporary Suspension of Telecom Services (Public Emergency or Public Safety) Rules, 2017
All you need to know about Proprietorship in India
GDPR: A Comprehensive Guide to Ensure Compliance 
Dividends, Audit and Accounts under the Companies Act, 2013
Case Comment on Sabarimala Case
Success is always one tough conversation away
Case Comment on Navtej Singh Johar v. Union of India
Employees Compensation Act, 1923: Amazing facts to know about it
Particular Sectors in relation to EU Competition laws
Contract of Employment: resolve all your queries at one place quickly
550 20
How to get a licence to set up a liquor store in Mumbai
A new kind of Internship
Time Value for Money Under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016 (“IBC”)
Why you need to binge on knowledge about securities……
What is the benefit of law students doing CS?
IPR issues in Cyber Space and International Regimes relating to IPRs
Employees’ State Insurance Act, 1948: details you must know
How to be a member of a very special league of lawyers
The Other Ayodhya Case- Are Findings Recorded by The Constitutional Bench of The Supreme Court In Civil Case Binding On Pending Criminal Case?
How Did Apple Convince Book Publishers to make books available despite offering lower shares than Amazon?
Competition Act, 1998 and the cartel offence: Public enforcement and Procedure
Equal Remuneration Act, 1976 : Details you must know
Blog Competition Winner Announcement
Why being aligned to the market is so critical for professional success
Impact of “METOO” Movement on Implementation of POSH Law
How relevant is court craft in appearing before the National Company Law Tribunal?
Radical v. Skeptic: Are you a victim of your environment?
Hawala Transactions : Amazing facts to know about it
Faculty crunch in India and 6% criteria for qualifying UGC National Eligibility Test Exam
Dilemma of UNCLOS Pertaining To South China Sea
551 20
What is the truth and how can it be discovered?
Exclusivity and Non-Compete Clauses under Contract of Employment 
9 Habits you need to develop in order to become a successful lawyer
Rules & Regulations Related to Road Tax in India
Goods and Services Tax : Resolve all your queries at one place quickly
All you need to know about Indian Trade Deficit
Self Determination And The Israel-Palestinian Issue
Cyber Crime and Cyber Security : An overview
Habit loop: Trigger, Craving, Response, and Rewards
Critical analysis of the change in status granted to home-buyers and home-allottees
What kind of agreement should you enter with freelance Graphic Designers?
Dummies Guide to Consumer Protection Act, 2019
Decriminalisation of Adultery
Why are you not more successful already
Introduction to E-commerce : An ultimate guide
Blog Competition Winner Announcement
Blog Competition Winner Announcement
Repealing of Article 370, Art. 35A and  its implication in J&K and rest of India
Can women rise to the top of legal profession? India’s Top 30 Female General Counsels and Chief Legal Officers
Concept of Arbitration in India
552 20
Analysis and Comparison of Option of Voluntary Liquidation under IBC and it’s Parallel under Companies Act
CSR: A Mere Formality or Brahmastra?
Provisions on Renaming of a City or State
What do CEOs and boards of directors want from their General Counsel?
Cyber Security Law: Sub-Discipline of Cyber Law
What are the invisible bad habits and addictions that prevent you from achieving your dream?
Law of Conversion : Meaning and concept
What Entrepreneurs must learn about law
Two approaches to success
Lok Adalats in India: Apertures to Speedy Justice
How will an MBA think about starting a law practice or turning it profitable?
What do patent agents do and how can you become a patent agent in India?
Can I get a good law firm job despite horrendous grades?
The easiest formula for success as a lawyer in a law firm
I already got a PPO. What can I do now to ensure that I crush it when I join my job as a new lawyer?
What are our in-house counsel users saying about Master Access Library?
Walking amongst giants: what is it to work in legal and compliance departments of large listed companies?
Gender-neutral rape laws: A need for Indian society
Top 7 reasons why litigators love us
Statute Interpretation : Everything important you should know about
553 20
Incest In India : Know everything about it
How RERA is Beneficial to its Stakeholders: Home Buyers, Builders, and Government
CLAT: A Study Capsule on International Law to Ace your Preparation
Revisiting Issues Faced by Indian Aviation Companies vis-à-vis Direct Tax Regime
Coping with Depression as a Lawyer
How Do You Shift the Registered Office of Your Company to a Different State
An analysis of The Transgender Persons (Protection of Rights) Bill
Digital Payments: The Regulatory Framework in India
Article 12 and 13 as the basis of Fundamental Rights 
Battery as a Tort and its Remedies : An overview
Dissemination Board of Stock Exchange
Right to Equality : A Fundamental Right
Blog Competition Winner Announcement – 4th week of October
Registration of Firms under the Indian Partnership Act 
Blog Competition Winner Announcement – 3rd week of October
A Safe Workplace: Boom to lead happy Nation
The right to remain silent: A case commentary on Smt. Selvi v State of Karnataka
E-sports and underlying Intellectual Property
Indian Entrepreneurship – Lack of innovation and other unique challenges
How to Draft and Review a SaaS Agreement: All You Need to Know
554 20
60 days to 2020: What Goals Can You Achieve Before the Year Turns?
Is a Courtroom the Backdrop of Your Nightmares?
A critical analysis of UDHR
Effect of Moratorium on the right to enforce Security Interest
All you need to know about Derivative Markets
Can Everyone Earn Top Salaries or Have Top Dollar Clients?
CLAT: An Exhaustive Study Material on Social Welfare Legislations
Step by Step Guide for registration of Geographical Indication
A Dhanteras Riddle 
Comparative Analysis of IBC Vis-a-Vis other Developed Jurisdictions
Are the People Around you Stopping you from Growing?
Blog Competition Winner Announcement – 2nd week of October
Multidimensional Approach to Data Protection Laws in India, Loopholes and Solutions
Legal Developments in Indian Telecom Sector
The evolution of the doctrine of promissory estoppel
A Need for Criminalization of Marital Rape
A Case Study on Corporate Crimes in India
CLAT: Study Material on Information Technology & Corporate Governance
Legal Backdrop of Prison Reforms
The Employee Provident Funds, 1952 : A guide
555 20
The Law on Anticipatory Bail: from ‘Sibbia’ to ‘Chidambaram’
Reservation for the Economically Weaker Sections
When can a victim be deemed as competent to give evidence: Legal Provisions and Judicial Pronouncements
Devolution of Interest in Coparcenary Property: Scope and Interpretation Post Amendment
Enhancement of Labour Law
Marital rape: How it ignores the concept of will and consent
Offence of Adultery in India- A Study
Insolvency and Bankruptcy Practice in India
The Image Mirage of Justice In India
Environment as a Common Property and its Implications
Female Genital Mutilation and India
Can RTI eradicate Corruption?
SEBI Intermediaries
CLAT: How to Solve Legal Reasoning Questions
Decriminalized Crime in India: Suicide
Blog Competition Winner Announcement – 1 week of October 2019
Blog Competition Winner Announcement – 4th week of September 2019
I Wanted to Earn 1 lakh
Work-life Balance for Lawyers in the New Economy
Transfer To Unborn Person : All you need to know
556 20
AIBE: A Compilation of Sample & Previous Years Papers for Bar Exam
Cyber Crimes: Classification and Cyber Forensics
Refugee Crisis: The Role of Humanitarian Organisations and Reasons for Failure
Geographic Indications : Know more about them
Criminalizing Marital Rape- An Inaccessible Part Of Indian Justice System
Dynamics Of Transgression Of Women’s Human Rights: The Contemporary Legal Framework In India
Cooperative Banking System in India
Industrial Licensing Policy for Defence Sector in India
AIBE: General Concepts and Quiz on Labour Law
Commodity Exchange- A Crucial Evaluation
Who is in Your Corner?
Memorandum of Association : Know everything about it
Laws Governing Union and its territories under the Indian Constitution
AIBE: Mock Test for Bar Exam Preparation- Part 8
Corporate Law Library – Total Access by LawSikho
Regulatory Framework for Cyber Crimes : Facts to know about
Let abortion laws be woman-centric
Lets make your Diwali full of Legal Delights
A Guide to Labour Laws in India
Rule of Law in India – An Analysis
557 20
AIBE: Mock Test for Bar Exam Preparation- Part 7
All you want to know about Intellectual Property
Election Manifesto
Sedition laws: A boon or bane for 21st century Indian legal system
Alleged Arbitrariness in Premature Release of Prisoners
Criminal Law-An Insight
Land Acquisition and Resettlement Issues Through the Lens of RERA, 2017
Patent laws in India : basics you must know
Scope of Regulation in the Education Sector by Competition Laws
Transfer of Property : concept and nature
Bandhs anywhere is injustice everywhere- Are bandhs mockery of Indian democracy?
The legal odyssey of the Uniform Civil Code
Fourth and Fifth Amendment Act, 1955
AIBE: Mock Test for Bar Exam Preparation- Part 6
Interesting facts about the origin of Company Legislation 
What is your Roadwork?
Role of Public Policy in International Commercial Arbitration
How to Make Money as an Environmental Lawyer in India
Electricity Theft – A Primal Concern
Cyber Crime and Cyber Law : An overview
558 20
Judiciary as a ‘State’ under Article 12
Concept of Passing off in Trademark Act, 1999
Character Evidence in Criminal Trials
AIBE: Mock Test for Bar Exam Preparation- Part 5
Artificial Intelligence Through The Lens Of Copyright
Emerging challenges in Constitutional Law: Discouraging reservation
Property under Property law : Meaning and Concept
Different Types of Debentures and Their Use
Feminist Jurisprudence in the Indian Constitution
Environmental Justice in Light of Right to grow in a Healthy Environment
Accord and Satisfaction : Facts to Know About It
Concept of Maintenance and Champerty under Torts
AIBE: Mock Test for Bar Exam Preparation- Part 4
Going Broader and Deeper
Foreign Company Compliance: An Overview
How Barter Transactions (Goods in Exchange of Goods) are Taxed
An overview on how our Constitution was made
Privileged Communications : A guide
AIBE: Hacksheets on various Environment Protection Statutes
Know more about the law related to Citizenship in India
559 20
How to Get 2x more Salary than your Peers
The Complete Guide to Anti-trust laws in India in relation to World
Is the Indian Taxi Aggregator Ecosystem Anti-Competitive? 
Defaming Judiciary: In Light of Judicial Pronouncements
Don’t get Fooled by lagging Indicators
Do you know the Law Making Powers you have, as a Citizen? An introduction to the Pre-Legislative Consultation Policy
AIBE: Study Material & Case Laws on Alternate Dispute Resolution
Announcement of Weekly Blog Writing Competition by LawSikho and iPleaders
The interplay between Competition Law and IPR
CCI and the Media Sector – The Assessment of Combinations and Mergers
Role of competition law in sports commercialization in India
Everything you must know about legal notice and its format
Use of Insolvency Resolution Process to Evade Debt and Liability- An Analysis
The Laws Relating to the Broadcasting of Live Events
AIBE: Study Material on CrPC for Bar Exam
How You Can Benefit From Understanding Leverage
General facts to know about Administrative Law
AIBE: An Exhaustive Study Material of Land Acquisition Act for Bar Exam
Development in Insolvency and resolution process
Patentability of Biotech Innovations in Light of Recent Monsanto and Naziveedu Dispute
560 20
20 Field-Tested Ideas for a Lawyer to Earn 1 Lakh Per Month
Meaning of Dispute Concerning an Operational Debt – Case Law Analysis
Intellectual Property Rights: An overview of leading organizations and conventions
AIBE: Essentials Tools before you start Preparation for Bar Exam
Most Important Stamp Duty Exemptions for Holding and Subsidiary Companies
AIBE: General Principles of Contract Law
What is Copyright under Intellectual Property Rights?
Early Legislations in India
Price of Your Dream is Delegation
Cheap is Expensive
Important Tips to Become a Successful Image Consultant 
How to obtain a Trademark?
Advance Chess is the Future of the Legal Profession
AIBE: Mock Test for Bar Exam Preparation- Part 3
All about software privacy in IPR
Lal chand v. Radha krishan – An analysis of the concept of res judicata
How Effective is the Arbitration Law in India?
What is LawSikho?
AIBE: Quiz on Consumer protection and Motor Vehicles Act
Battery as a Tort and its Remedies
561 20
AIBE: An Exhaustive Quiz on Jurisprudence
CSR- Making Lakshmi from Kubera
Right to Clean Environment – M.C Mehta v. Union of India
Calculate the ROI of Your Foreign Master Degree
AIBE: 20-Hour Study Plan for Bar Exam
What Skills Are Needed for The Highest Level of Success in Contract Drafting  
How to get Gun License in India?
AIBE: Leading Case Laws of Family Law
What I Wish I had Learned Better While I was Still in Law School
AIBE: Guardianship, Adoption and Succession under Family Law
Drug Possession: Policies and Standards you must know
Alternate Dispute Resolution Methods and Code of Civil Procedure, 1908
AIBE: Concept of Divorce in Family Law
Can you Become a Legendary Lawyer? What does it take?
AIBE: Concept of Marriage in Family Law
What Stops Most Lawyers from Starting their Own Practice or Law Firms?
One Person Company: A Concept for New Age Business Ownership
How are Virtual Data Rooms used and what do these contain?
Which Method is More Effective: Arbitration or Litigation
AIBE: Test your Knowledge on Companies Act
562 20
General facts you must know about Vicarious Liability
Validity of Email Contracts in India
Do you think our Courses are too Expensive?
AIBE: Mock Test for Bar Exam Preparation Part 2
How to land internships in top law firms 
Doctrine of Frustration : Facts you need to know about
Consequences of Purchasing Shares Beyond the Limits in the Takeover Code without Issuing an Open Offer?
Litigation v. Arbitration
Right to Equality : A Fundamental Right
A guide to Contract of Guarantee
Crossfit v. Online Fitness Program v. LawSikho
Relevance of Aadhar in Present Era
Facts you must know about SEBI
AIBE: Laws Relating to Taxation
The Admission of Illegal Evidence in the Rafale Matter
Law of torts – Complete Reading Material
What are the Essentials of Contract?
Reverse Merger
What is Vested & Contingent Interest?
AIBE: Mock Test for Bar Exam Preparation
563 20
Unique Legal Structuring, Contracts and Compliance for Fintech Business
Applicability of tort law in Consumer Protection Cases
Liability of an Employer : Law of Torts
Can a Loss Making Company be an Attractive Target? Why?
Forged in Pain: The Chaos of a Slow Economy is the Ladder you Asked for
The Hard Work that Counts and The Hard Work that Does Not
An overview to Bar of Limitation on Torts
Assault as a tort and its Remedies
AIBE: General Principles of Indian Evidence Act
When you have an Employment Visa but you resigned from that company, can you still stay on in India on your existing visa? 
All you need to know about Examination of Witnesses
New Delhi International Arbitration Centre: All You Need To Know
AIBE: Understand the Concepts of Civil Procedure Code
Can Foreign Companies Acquire Properties in India by way of Asset Sale?
Section 138 of The Negotiable Instruments Act: Do all the possible reasons for dishonor of cheque attract penal consequences prescribed under the provision
Why do Companies have Multiple Funding Rounds?
Can Lawyers Find Clients Online?
AIBE XVIII Question Paper(2018) with Solutions
What to do if Arbitration is not Working Properly
What do you Understand by De minimis non curat lex?
564 20
Future of Cryptocurrency and Legal Aspects Related to it
Webinar on How to Make your Way Up to a Big Law Firm
Role of Motive, Intention and Malice in Torts
Waiver of Tort Claim : Overview and Analysis
Vicarious liability in the case of guardian ward relationship in Tort law
Can a Company Revise its Financial Statements?
Tomorrow is a very Special Day and I am Super Excited. Why?
Introduction to Intellectual Property
Vicarious liability in case of a partner in a law firm : An overview
What is a Cookie and How does it affect your Privacy Rights?
What is Torts and its Origin?
AIBE: Know the Types of Intellectual Property Rights
Could you be the Leonardo of Law?
Why I do not Fear to Die Alone?
Case Study of 2G Spectrum Case
AIBE: An Ultimate Guide to Constitutional Law 
Application of Tort law in Domestic Disputes
All you need to know about Press Council of India
Doctrine of Non-Arbitrariness : Overview and Analysis
Amazing facts to know about Arbitration, Conciliation and Mediation
565 20
Case Analysis : Gurbaksh Singh Sibbia & Ors. Vs. State of Punjab
How Does this Lawyer Run a USD 425,000 Litigation Practice in the USA While Traveling Around the World?
BarHacker: Important Pointers you need to know about IT Act
Important pointers you must know about Maintenance
All you need to know about Preamble of the Indian Constitution
BarHacker: Leading Cases & Quiz on Professional Misconduct
Laws related to Muslim Marriage : know more about it
How to Use the Worst Rejections to Move Up Your Game
When does the Competition Commission of India need to be approached for Acquisitions?
What are Hedge Funds?
The DNA Technology (use and application) Regulation Bill-2019
In-House Counsel v. Law Firm Partners: Knowledge Deficit
Important Pointers about the Sources & Schools of Hindu law
Role of National Courts in the International Commercial Arbitration
Powers and Procedure for Income Tax Raids (Search and Investigation)
BarHacker: Brace Yourself about Corporate Social Responsibility for AIBE
Constitutionalism: Theoretical Perspective and Practical Application
Arrest and the rights of the arrested in India
What Should I learn about Business Law to be Successful as an In-House Counsel?
Before you forget: brush your knowledge on Provisions relating to Bail
566 20
Important pointers you must know about Effects of Repealing Statutes
Everything important you should know about Gender Equality under the Constitution
Why we Launched a Securities Law Litigation Course
What are Income Tax Raids? When are these Conducted?
Five Income Tax Benefits Available to the Real Estate Sector
Important pointers you must know about Law Commission of India
Five Specific Permissions Required to Construct a School Building in Mumbai
Significant Beneficial Owner
BarHacker: Leading Indian Cases and Quiz on Public Interest Litigation for AIBE
BarHacker Hacksheet for Important Principles of Administrative Law
Is Happiness a Habit?
A glimpse of the future: the rise of self-litigation
Do you have Ambassadors?
Appointment, Role, Functions, and Removal of Company Secretary in India
What’s new in the All India Bar Exam XIV along with Analysis of X AIBE
Unable to manage your Court Appearances? Fret not, here’s what you need to do!
Om Kumar V. Union of India: Critical analysis
Why do young lawyers in India struggle to get a job that pay them enough?
How to do Remote Work as a Lawyer while you Travel the World AKA Becoming a Legal Nomad
How to get legal aid in India
567 20
All You need to know about the process of Trademark Registration
Judgment, Appeal and Victim Compensation
Sample Legal Reasoning Questions for CLAT
How to read really fast while writing an exam
All You Need to Know About Identity Theft in Cyberspace in India
Regional Conclave on “The Future of Justice Education in South Asia” by Institute of Law, Nirma University, Ahemdabad
How are Development Authorities Constituted and what do they do
Supersets and Burnout Exercises for your Legal Muscles
Corporate compliance calender for the month of September, 2019
How Would You Break from the Normal?
Out of Your League?
What Happens If You Win
The Story of Knocker Uppers and a Lesson for Lawyers
How to Prepare for Launching Your Independent Practice While You are Still in Your Job?
Don’t Forget to Answer This Question Every Time You Are at Work
How to Avoid Stagnation in Your Legal Career
What do Indian HR Managers Need to Learn about Labour law?
What To Know About Securities Fraud
Adoption in India : Family law
Ambit of Article 21 under Indian Constitution
568 20
What is Sedition?
Sham contracts: Employment under the veil
What is Interpleader Suit?
Law of Patent: Securing Intellectual Property
Top 10 Indian and Global Trademark Wars of the last decade
Nidhi Amendment Rules, 2019 – Everything You Need to Know
Sweat Equity Shares: Explained
Indian Evidence Act : Confession by co-accused
What is Unique about Government Arbitration
Hierarchy of Courts
How Leaders Fight Anxiety
How to Get a Pet Shop Licence?
Rights of Senior Citizens
Copyright Infringement
Sebi’s Whistleblower Mechanisms: Can Insider Trading be Impeded
Driving Legal Reforms and Law Making through Video Communication: What Does That Look Like?
A Quest for Beauty, Art and Justice
Royalty and Technical Fees Payable to Foreign Nationals
How to Register a Coaching Centre in India
Contempt of Court
569 20
Securities Law: the Golden Niche for Litigators
Right to Equality
How to be Immune to Elitism in the Legal Profession and Benefit from its Lessons
Laws in India regarding Imprisonment
Role of IRDA
Most Common Reasons for Arbitration Awards Being Set Aside
Divorce Law in India
Section 498A of IPC
How to decide whether you should go for Arbitration or Court
How to Stop Unauthorised Construction on Public Lands in India
Suits in which one or all of the plaintiffs have died
All you need to know about Standard Form Contracts
Right to Privacy Judgement: An Analysis based on Comparative constitutional law and Progressive interpretation
Dowry Deaths In India : A  Legal Study 
What is Circle Rate of Property and How does it work
Investor Education and Protection Fund (IEPF)
How can You Earn more than Partners at Big Law Firms?
Dying Declaration
List of Chief Justice of India
Writs in Indian Constitution
570 20
Straight Through Processing (STP)
Mylan Laboratories vs Union of India
What Should You Learn From a Course on Contract Drafting
The Most Happening Thing to Learn in IP law
What Would it Take for You to Become Top SAT lawyer
What is the Easiest Area of Law with less Competition that Can Give You a Headstart in Your Litigation
Does a Career in Media and Entertainment Law Interest You?
Recent Changes in National Pension System and their Impact
What to do if Some Crime is Committed while Travelling on a Ship
Directive Principles of State Policy
Mutual funds Regulation In India
LODR Regulations in relation to Corporate Governance
How Will You Honor Your Early Adopters
Child Labour laws in India
Free Consent
Whole Time Director providing Consultancy Services to the Company
Shoot for the Moon: Freemium Model for Law Practice
Election of President of India
How One Book Changed My Life
How to Demonstrate Compliance with the Standing Orders Act in case of an Inquiry or Investigation
571 20
How is Techology changing the practice of law?
Enforcement of Foreign Arbitral Awards in India
Paternity Leave
Doctrine of Post Decisional Hearing
Government of India Act, 1935
Parliamentary Privileges in India
Artificial Intelligence and Intellectual Property Rights: Challenges and Issues
Procedure to make a Complaint against Government Officials asking for a Bribe
Eve-teasing 
Medical Negligence in India
Citizenship in India
Bigamy in India
When I met an unusual politician
A practical guide on how to comply with data erasure request under GDPR
What is Affray?
Delegated legislation in India
Impact of Economic Slowdown on Legal Market: What are the Areas of Law Practice that will get Hot as the Economy is Slowing Down?
Why Mooting Matters?
This Guy Won 3m USD for Winning in a Video Game
Differential voting rights (DVR) in India
572 20
How to Draft and Issue a Charge Sheet Against Government Officials
Labour Laws Applicable on Television Industry
Guarantee Contract
Latest Government Notifications on MSMEs
Doctrine of Estoppel
The Paradox of a Promissory Basis for Contract Law
Nidhi Company under the Companies Act 2013 
All about Payment Banks
White Collar Crimes in India
Cheque Bounce
Articles of Association
Fundamental duties
Road Accident Claim Compensation
Construction Arbitration: How is it Different from Generic Arbitration
Bhopal Gas Tragedy Case Study
Divorce by Mutual Consent
Search for Joy in a Mountain of Crazy Deadlines
Conjugal Rights
Right To Education
Freedom of Speech and Expression
573 20
“Dispute” and “Existence of Dispute” under Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016
Client-wise list of work performed by lawyers under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code
How Should Privacy Policies and Terms and Conditions be Amended Post GDPR
How to lodge a complaint to the Banking Ombudsman: step by step guide?
Impact Of Goods and Services Tax on Various Sectors of Indian Economy
Criminal Law Amendment Act, 2018
Do You Remember the Time When You First Walked into a College
Sacrifice and Single Minded Pursuit is the Key to Incredible Success, and It is not Normal.
All About National Human Rights Commission
One Person Company – A Complete Analysis
E-way Bill and Debit Credit Notes – All you need to know
All you need to know about NABARD
Federalism in India
Emergency Provisions under Indian Constitution
Right to Constitutional Remedies
There is No Mystery, Only Blind Spots
Child Marriage and the Laws Pertaining to it 
Seven points you should consider while Contracting with Freelancers
How can Blockchain and Smart Contracts help the Shipping Industry
Good News!
574 20
Want to Know About a Secret Project I am Working On
Civil procedure: Impleading any person or organization as a Necessary Party in civil cases under Order 1 Rule 10, CPC
9 Big Problems in-house Counsels Face with Litigators and Why There Could Be An Opportunity For You in It 
Capital Punishment in India
Do You Need to Worry about the SENSEX Tanking? How Does it Impact You?
Relevancy and Admissibility
How to get Foreign Investment for sectors which are not under the Automatic Route
Character, Reputation and Disposition
Environmental Degradation and Issues  in Health
Cryptocurrency and its legal implications: A comparative analysis
Audi Alteram Partem
Gender Polarity, Injustice and Religious Fanaticism
Enforceability of Non-Compete Clauses in India
Analysis of The Devolution of Interest Relating to Mitakshara Family
What is Demand and Recovery under GST?
No Education is a Waste of Time
Essentials of Hire Purchase Agreement
Epic Free Gift For You – a Legal Handbook for HR Managers
Need for deterrent and retributive punshment in India
The Blue Tokai Phenomenon – What Can You Learn from It?
575 20
MCA/ROC Compliance Calendar – JULY 2019
Destination Branding in Tourism Industry with reference to Intellectual Property Rights 
Learn How to Calculate Taxable Value under GST – iPleaders
The Right Formula Evades Me Forever
Are Perpetual Contracts Legal in India
Toll Operate & Transfer: Model, Draft Concession Agreement
Corporate compliance calendar for the month of July, 2019
Analysis- Applicability and other Provisions of National Financial Reporting Authority (NFRA), Rules
Let Day Dreams Paint Your Vision
10 Different Types of Contracts which Need an IP Assignment Clause and why it is Needed
A Step-by-Step Process of Amendment of Standing Orders in your State with Respect to your Industry
How to Write and Execute a Living Will: Step by Step Procedure
Public Documents
Double Taxation – Everything you need to know is here
Various Sources of Administrative Law
Concept of Lease and the Rights and Liabilities of Lessor and Lessee
How Not to Fall off the Rail
What’s New in the All India Bar Exam this Year?
Indian Stamp and Registration Act
Anti-Bullying Laws in India
576 20
Checklist for a Sexual Harassment Complaint Hearing
Confessions under the Indian Evidence Act
Exclusion of Oral Evidence by Documentary Evidence
Cyber Pornography
Compounding of Offences under Real Estate (Regulation and Development) Act, 2016
Customs as a Source of Law
Legal Positivism: Evolution and Challenges
Travel as a byproduct of Law School
10 Books Every Law Student Should Read (Literature)
“Marital rape exclusion clause”– A gross transgression of Article 14, 21 of Indian Constitution – A critical analysis
Know How to Calculate Your Tax Under Various Heads of Incomes
Handling of Hazardous Substances and Legal Provisions
7 Easy Steps to Find the Best Mentor
Easy Steps to Wake up Early in the Morning 
Reference, Review and Revision under Civil Proceedings
Union Budget 2019-2020: Quick look at the labour reforms agenda and push to start-ups and entrepreneurship
If You Find Our Courses Too Expensive, Here are Two Alternatives
What Should be Taught in a Legal Practice Development and Management Course?
Statement by A Person who cannot be Called as A Witness
Sentencing policy in India
577 20
Mental Health in India: The Immediate Concern
Is Entering into Prenuptial or Postnuptial Agreement Beneficial for Non Resident Indians (NRIs)?
Protection of mankind through non- derogable rights
Things you Need to Know about the Indian Judicial Services Exams
Appearance and Non-appearance of Parties in the Civil Suit
Discussion on Intricacies of an Auditor under the Companies Act, 2013
Kedarnath Bhattacharji v. Gorie Mohammad: All about the case!
The Game of Certificates
How Lawyers Sabotage their Practice by Questioning their Expertise and How to Avoid it
Is It Really Difficult to Succeed in Litigation?
The Slightest Gap between Success & Failure
Overriding Effect of Consumer Forum over Arbitration
Work-Life or the Lawyer-Life?
Spectrum of Legal Work and Law Firm Leverage in India 
When Need Manifests into Greed
The Retributed Whistleblower
Income Tax Act 1961 – Basics that you need to know
Voting Percentage under Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code: All you need to Know about its Calculation
Supply of Goods and Services: All you Need to Know
Assessment and Advance Ruling under GST: All you need to know
578 20
Navtej Singh Johar v. UOI- Judgment which Decriminalized Homosexuality
State amendments to the Maintenance of Wife, Children & Parents
Can an Educational Institution use Copyrighted Materials? If yes in Which Situations and to What Extent?
Will Power v. Systems – Guess Which One Wins Every Time
If You are a Litigator, You can’t Afford to Miss out on Real Estate Litigation
Introduction to Jurisprudence
Execution of Capital Punishment in India and Changes Required in Present System
Constitutional Provisions for Environmental Protection in India
Input Tax Credit: How to Claim it under GST (latest)
Rawls Idea of Justice
Parker v. South Eastern Railway Company: All you need to know
How to Score High in Exams as a Law Student
Agricultural Income: Computation and All you Need to Know
All You Need to Know about Kyoto Conference, Agenda 21 and Rio Declaration
How to Get Referred for Your Dream Job at a Law Firm or Chamber of a Top Lawyer through LawSikho
Basics of Law of Evidence
Protecting The Interest of Minorities From The Glass of Constitutional Armour 
Tender and its Requisites
Who is Liable for Misstatements in Prospectus?
Offences Against Women
579 20
GST: How To Register, File Returns And Claim Refunds?
Tax Planning – Everything You Need to Know
Women and related Social Changes
Rights and Liabilities of a Mortgagor
Delegatus Non-Potest Delegare
Winding Up of a Company
Corporate Veil: All you should know!
Litigation is Harder than It should be – Because There is a Tremendous Lack of Resources
The Hub and Spoke Conspiracy in Competition Law
A Brief Capsule of a Decree under CPC
Interpretation of Statutes and its Rules
Torts relating to immovable property
Shakti Mills Gang Rape Case of 2013
Presumptions in the Indian Evidence Act
Discharge of contract by agreement
Essential Features of a Valid Contract
The World of Legal Bloggers, Writers and Journalists
Joinder of Charges under CrPC
Why do Law Firm Lawyers Shift to Litigation
Doctrine of Severability
580 20
Rule of Evidence in Criminal and Civil Proceedings
Protection of Life and Personal Liberty
Hindu Law of Partition
Intellectual Property Rights and Start-Ups
Conflict between Medical Laws and Ethics
10 Important Concepts you need to Know for Understanding Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code
All About Juvenile Justice Act
Rehabilitation of juveniles
Non-Discrimination Principle: MFN and National Treatment in the GATT, 1994.
We are Akin to Drug Dealers
Cyber Security and its Legal Implications
Valuations of Mergers and Acquisitions
What are the Representations and Warranties given by a Borrower in a Standard Syndicate Loan Agreement?
Is India Doing Enough For Maternal Health: An Analysis
Mental Health- A Human Rights Issue
Incorporation of a Company
Concession Agreement: All you Need to Know
A Brief Capsule of One Nation One Election
Position, Appointment & Powers of Directors under the Companies Act, 2013
Overview of National Green Tribunal Act, 2010
581 20
Subsidies and Countervailing Measures
All you want to know about Digital Signature
More than 90% of the CAs, CS or Cost Accountants Miss out on this Lucrative Opportunity
Trying to Succeed in Litigation is like Batting to Chase 380 in a Cricket Match
Why Cow Slaughter Shouldn’t be Banned In India?
Corporate Criminal Liability
All You Need to Know About Equity Financing
Sociological School of Law
Warranty and Indemnity Insurance in M&A Transactions
What is a Hedge Fund ?
Overview of the Environment Protection Act, 1986
Statutory Bailment Jurisprudence: Need of the Hour
Procedure of Investigation in Criminal Cases
Sources of Family Law
Litigation is Making a Comeback as a Choice for Junior Lawyers
Administrative Tribunals in India
Imperative Theory Of Law
Evidentiary Value of FIR
Concept of Gift Under Islamic Law
Free Consent of Parties to Contract
582 20
Injunction and its Types
Recovery of Possession of Movable and Immovable Property
To what extent can you exercise your right of Private Defence?
Summary Suit and Remedies Available to the Defendants
Things you should know before starting Law School
Relation of Partners inter se- Rights and Duties
Liability for Dangerous Premises
Concept of Rights and Duties Under Jurisprudence
Functions, Privileges and Immunities of a Diplomat
CBI: A Caged Parrot of India
Detailed Analysis of Arrest of Person and Arrest without Warrant
What Do You Value More? Time or Money?
Constitutional Validity of Section 91 of CrPC
Prevention and control of Noise Pollution
Evolution of Common Law
All you need to know about Hindu Minority and Guardianship Act,1956
A.D.M. Jabalpur v. Shivkant Shukla: All you need to know
Thought Experiment: Imagine That You Start Getting Extra 30k per Month in your Bank Account
Memorandum of Association
Historical School of Law
583 20
Conditions and warranties
Concept of Prospectus under The Companies Act, 2013
Goods and Service Tax
A Critical Analysis of Economic Reservation Bill
Per Incuriam and Functus Officio
Theft and Extortion under Indian Penal Code
The Writ of Habeas Corpus
Concept of Waqf under Muslim Law
Schools of Muslim Law
Can Income Tax be Abolished by increasing GST rates?
Doctrine of Territorial Nexus
Exclusive and Amazing Litigation Resources for You
Favouring or fawning live-in relationships?
The Most Lucrative Work You Get to do as a Tax Litigator
Natural School of Law
Formation of Contract of Sales
Water (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, 1974
Legally enforceable contract in a nutshell
All You Want to Know about Related Party Transactions
Concept and Theories of Possession in Jurisprudence
584 20
Right Against Exploitation
Rights of an Unpaid Seller
Judiciary Under The Indian Constitution
Adoption in India
Judiciary’s contribution towards evolving Victimology
Introduction to One Person Company
Exceptions to Section 300 of I.P.C
Why Ramanuj has to die
Transfer of Title of Goods
Olga Tellis v. Bombay Municipal Corporation
IPC Section 423 with special reference to Benami Transactions
Case Comment on Anurag Soni v. State of Chattisgarh
Recognition of a State under International Law
Introduction to the Cartels System
Eyewitness Testimonies: A Gateway to Wrongful Convictions
Are You Still Being held Prisoner by Your Childhood Environment?
Economic Approach to Jurisprudence
Delegated Legislation and its Control
Rule of law
An analytical study on Public Interest Litigation in the Indian context
585 20
Overview and Analysis of Anti-Trafficking Bill
Water Laws in India
Why the need for achieving Social Democracy was important to Dr Ambedkar?
Car and Universal Finance Company Limited v. Caldwell
Top Five M&A deals in 2017-2018 in India and Why they happened?
Judicial View on Child labour
Surviving Law School as an Introvert
Concept of Maintenance in Hindu Marriage Act, 1955
Who is a Commissioner under Civil Procedure Code?
Principles of Natural Justice
Schools of Jurisprudence
Top 20 Banking Terms that a Corporate Lawyer should Know About
Ramsar Convention on Wetlands
Railway Accident Claim: Filing compensation for death while Boarding or De-boarding trains?
Analysis of the Right To Information Act, 2005
Custom as a Source of Law
Procedure for Getting a Decree in Redemption Suit
General vs. Special damages in Breach of Contract
What is Unfair Dismissal? Are There any Laws Relating to Unfair Dismissal In India?
Government Incentive Schemes for Women Entrepreneurs
586 20
How to Score really well in Law School without losing Sleep over Grades
Top 47 Skills for Smashing Success as a Civil Litigator
The Relation Between the Directive Principles of State Policy and Fundamental Rights
Rationale Behind Mergers and Acquisitions
What are the Backup Career Options for a Litigator? Can You Switch to a Law Firm or an MNC?
Copyright law governing Remix Culture and Amateur Creation
How can NRIs Invest in LLPs In India?
An Overview: Law of Easements in India
Stridhana: Absolute Wealth of a Woman
Jurisdictions of Civil Court and Place of Suing
Relationship Between Administrative Law And Constitutional Law
Maintenance of Public Order and Tranquility
Overview of Features, Types and Incorporation of a Company under the Companies Act 2013
Difference between Session trial and Warrant trial
Difference between Pre-Constitutional and Post-Constitutional Laws
Factors affecting Patent Laws in the Pharmaceutical Industry
Rule of law and its Exceptions
Things not to do in the initial years of litigation
Powers and Hierarchy of Criminal Courts in India
Death in Relation to Tort
587 20
The Viewpoint on Criminalisation of Marital Rape in India
Will under the Islamic Law of Inheritance in India
An Overview of Arbitration in India
Jurisdiction of the Criminal Courts in Inquiries and Trials
The Debate on Reservation in the Constituent Assembly
One Rank One Pension: A Typical Example of Bureaucratic Apathy
So you think you don’t have time?
Protection of the Rights of Unorganised Sector
Tendering Pardon to an Accomplice
All you need to know about the Central Bureau of Investigation
Permanent Lok Adalat and ADR Systems in India
Trademark Law in India      
Does a Roadside Chaiwala Earn More than You?
Anatomy of Hire Purchase Agreements
Doctrine of Promissory Estoppel
Nature and Essentials of Partnership
Aadhaar and the Right to Privacy
At 18, I Thought I was Damn Smart
All you need to know about Oath Commissioners in India
“One Nation, One Election”
588 20
Section 462 of Indian Penal Code and Criminal Trespass
Strict liability means ‘No fault liability’ whereas time has proven it to be ‘No liability’
How much Discount do you want?
Military Justice System in India
What is a Capital Redemption Reserve Account and Why is it Maintained?
What is National Financial Reporting Authority (NFRA) and What does It do?
All contracts are agreements but all agreements are not contracts
What Is Diversion of Land and Why It Is Necessary?
Green Channel Policy of MoD India – A Step towards Ease of Doing Business
Malicious Prosecution- A comparative analysis of the position in England and India
Ethics of Government Attorneys
Medical Negligence
Legislation as a Source of Law
Do Corporate Lawyers need to Possess Litigation Skills? Unlocking the Litigator’s Mindset
How to Start a Law Firm Straight out of Law School?
Joint Tortfeasor
Suits by or against Government or Public Officers in their official capacity
Welfare Principle in Guardianship
Fraud in Contracts- Section 17 of the Indian Contract Act
Section 21- Effect of Mistakes as to Law
589 20
Directed Coercion in Contracts – Section 15 of the ICA
Termination of Guardianship under Hindu Minorities and Guardianship Act, 1956
What are the Backup Career Options for a Litigator? Can you switch to a Law Firm or an MNC?
Indian Labour laws- Minimum Wages Act, 1948
The Position of Women in Indian Society After Independence
Health Economics and IHR in Development
Bride-Burning in India: An Overview
Constitutional Tort: The law that deals with Vicarious Liability of the State
Name clause in Memorandum of Association: A comparative analysis of the Companies Act 1956 and 2013
9th Schedule of Indian Constitution and Judicial Scrutiny
Liberty and its Limitations
From which Court should you start your Litigation Practice? Is it a Good Idea to start from Higher Courts or should you start at a Trial Court only?
How should you Identify a ‘Good’ Senior to Work Under?
Types of Damages under Section 73 of the Indian Contract Act, 1872
Rights of the Pawnee on Default by the Pawnor
Breach of Contract
Meaning, Roles and Functions of a Public Prosecutor
Transfer of Property
Mitigation under the Law of Contract
Bhopal Gas Tragedy and the Development of Environmental Law
590 20
European Refugee Crisis
Expert witnesses under the Indian Evidence Act, 1872
Laws Related to Getting Married Abroad- Foreign Marriage Act, 1969
Tort as a Civil Wrong
Defamation in the Internet Age: Laws and Issues in India
Capacities of Parties entering into a Contract
Adultery: A Law Declaring Woman as a Chattel of Man
Am I Eligible for Legal Aid?
Punishments for Electricity Theft In India
Powers and Position of the Governor in India
Features of the Indian Constitution
Ask These Questions before Hiring an Immigration Lawyer
Separation of Powers and its Relevance
John Austin’s Analytical Approach to Positive Law: Explanation, Appreciation and Criticism
Money Bill in India
Section 6 of Transfer of Property Act, 1882
Decriminalising Homosexuality in India
Impact of Black Money on the Indian Economy & Government Initiatives to Curb it
An Overview of the Consumer Protection Act
Special Status of Jammu and Kashmir
591 20
Paris Agreement
Principles of Fair Trial
The Social Life of a Law Student
Juvenile Justice System in India
Importance of Yoga and Meditation in Law Students’ Life
Section 43- Joint and Several Liability
Specific Restitution of Property
The Tort of Passing Off
Discrimination of citizens under the Indian Constitution
Right to Free and Compulsory Education
Doctrine of Res Gestae
Res Judicata and Res Sub Judice
Laws related to betting and gambling in India: The road ahead
Remoteness of Damages
Insanity as a defence under the Indian Penal Code
Constructive notice: A Comparative Analysis Between India and UK
Capital Punishment and Executions
Does Winning Take You To Hell?
The Incredible Story of Donnie Ashok and What We Can Learn from it
Does Heart Attack Happen All of a Sudden??
592 20
Drivers Who Learnt to Use App vs Those Who Refused to Change Their Ways
Armed Forces Special Powers Act, 1958: Necessity or Misuse of Power
The Case That Led To Emergency: Indira Gandhi v. Raj Narain (1975)
Exposition of Surrogacy Rules in India
Liquidated and Unliquidated Damages
All you need to know about capital punishment in India
Scope and Nature of The Indian Partnership Act, 1932
A Tribute to N R Madhava Menon- Father of Modern Legal Education in India
Agreements in Restraint of Legal Proceedings
Recession of Contracts
Agreements to do Impossible Acts
Ways to develop expertise in a subject during law school
Analysing What may be Transferred under Transfer of Property Act, 1882
Detailed Study on Conditional Transfers under Transfer of Property Act, 1882
The Judicial Journey of the Basic Structure Doctrine
Position of Female as a “Karta” of the Hindu Joint Family
Internships for Hindi Medium Law Students
Prosecuting Agencies in India
Understanding Interpretation Clauses of Transfer of Property Act, 1882
Understanding ‘Lease’ under Transfer of Property Act,1882
593 20
Testamentary Guardianship under Hindu Law
Distinction between the Concepts of Vested and Contingent Interest
How To Make a Will And Procedure For Getting a Will Executed
What are the Tools that You Spend the Most On
Three Things that will Define Your Journey to be Successful
Legal Status of Children Born Out of Live-In Relationship
How to Use LinkedIn Effectively as a Law Student
12 EMIs, 0% Interest, Till 31st May
How does Surveillance Technology Affect Individual Privacy?
Surrogacy Laws in India
Ex Post facto laws in India
Understanding Section 25 of the Indian Contract Act, 1872
Rights of an Arrested Person
Trespass to Land and Dispossession
Forms of Acceptance to an Offer
Laws related to Adultery in India
Torts relating to Marital Rights
How Blockchain Can Create Better Public Services
What Constitutes a Tort?
Ubi jus ibi remedium
594 20
Reasonable Classification and its Validity Under Article 14
Will your story make you the king?
What’s your Long Term Game Plan?
How Indian Company makes Foreign Investment under FDI Policy 
Nature of Indian Constitution: Federal or Unitary?
Writs under the Indian Constitution
Position of Governor under the Constitution
Position and Powers of the President
Dying Declaration
Waiting Period in Mutual Consent Divorce
Important Features of the Indian Constitution
Distress Damage Feasant- Animal Rights and Tort Law
Cheap vs. premium: what business are you in?
Articles of Association Under Indian Company Law
Freedom of Religion under the Indian Constitution
Joint Tortfeasors and Laws in India
Judgment under Cr.P.C
Malfeasance, Misfeasance, and Nonfeasance
Sabarimala Issue: The Quest for Equality
Should you save money or save time? What will make you rich and successful?
595 20
Emergency In India
Government Contracts and Constitutional Provisions
Prepaway- Major Paybacks after Gaining EC-Council CEH Certification
Right against Self-incrimination in India
Exclusion of Oral Evidence by Documentary Evidence
Right to Equality under Article 14
Understanding 10% Reservation To General Category
Shackle to Netflix and Chill?
National Anthem and the Shyam Narayan Chouksey Case
Wrongful Restraint and Wrongful Confinement
The Verdict of the Thought Experiment is Out
The Nigerian ‘419’ Scam: An Economic Crime
Forging A New Generation of Lawyers: Come and be a part of a Revolution in Law Practice
Public Interest Litigation
Preparing for Judicial exams in the initial years of law schools
Agreements void for Uncertainty under Section 29
Limitation for taking cognizance of offence under Cr.PC
Thought Experiment: Who Will You Hire
NSE Receives 1100 Crores Penalty – Did It Deserve It?
Election Laws in India
596 20
Sexual Harassment at Workplace
3 Secrets Why Most of the Legal Startups Fail
Fraud or Deceit in Torts
Act of State as a Defence in India
Sources of Indian Constitution
Ethnic Cleansing And Human Rights Violation
Environmental Harm and Tortious Liability
Undue Influence in Contract
Inducing Breach of Contract
Inherent Powers of the High Courts
The Doctrine of Basic Structure
History and Development of the Constitution of India
What are the Things that Hold you back?
Concepts of Marriage and Divorce under Hindu and Muslim Law
Act of God and Inevitable Accident
Are Movie Titles Protected under Copyright Law
Maintenance of Wife under Hindu and Muslim Law
Overview of DNA Technology (Use and Application Bill, 2018)
Law of Defamation in India
Triple Talaq Bill- A Political Gimmick
597 20
Receiver under the Civil Procedure Code
Privacy Policy In India
Adopting a Child under Hindu Law
India’s Tryst with Investor-State Dispute Settlement (ISDS)
Concept of Absolute Liability
Tort of Malicious Arrest
All you Need to Know about Banking Ombudsman in India
Objections Taken in Civil Litigation
How to find the purpose of your life so you never have to look back
Fundamental Rights of Prostitutes under Canadian law
All You Need To Know About Mezzanine Financing
Does Right to Life include Right to Die?
Civil Procedure Code’s Application in “Cyberspace”
The Era of Advance Medical Directives & Living Wills in India: Is Mediation a viable option?
Slander of Title and Goods
What are the Doctrines under the Indian Constitution?
How To Ensure That a Settlement Agreement is Valid
Copyright in Digital Era
Step by Step Procedure to Set up a Duty-Free Shop in India
Right to Clean Water as a Fundamental Right
598 20
Earnest Money and its Forfeiture
Triple Talaq and the Shayara Bano Case
Beyond Demonetization, GST & IBC
Injunction as a Remedy in Tort
False Imprisonment
Protecting Shape of a Product: Design Registration or Shape Trademark
Power of the Parliament under Article 368 to Amend the Constitution
Election Commission of India
Freedom of Speech and Expression under the Constitution of India
Fundamental Duties under the Indian Constitution
Foreign Tort
Trade, Commerce and Intercourse in India
Who cannot Sue and Who cannot be Sued?
Key Features of an Outsourcing Agreement
How to Get the Best out of Office Politics
What are the Restrictions for Transactions between Holding and Subsidiary Companies?
The Mistake of Fact and Mistake of Law as a Defence
Importance of Preamble in Indian Constitution
What You Need to Know about Public and Private Nuisance
How to draft a Put Option Clause to Facilitate an Investor’s Exit From your Company
599 20
Bailment and Pledge
Where can you Complain against a Restaurant employing Underage Workers?
Vicarious Liability in case of Owner-Independent Contractors in Law of Torts
Vicarious Liability by Authorisation and Ratification under Tort Law
Opportunities and Disasters: What if We are Facing a Global Economic Recession?
Fundamental Rights in the Constitution of India
Impressive V. Authentic
Big, Scary and more Achievable
How to Become Rich and Successful and the One Factor that Ensures that
How to Get Your Family to Align with You on Important Decisions
Is a Company Vicariously Liable for Tortious Actions of its Directors?
Directive Principles of State Policy under the Indian Constitution
Citizenship under Indian Law
What are the Steps Required to Become an External Member on ICC?
Contributory Negligence
Winding Up of a Company
How to Invest in your Personal Brand as a Lawyer
What are the Various Stages in a Legal Due Diligence Process before an Acquisition can Take Place?
When is Registration Mandatory for Patent License Agreements?
Common and Important Clauses in an Employment Agreement
600 20
Ex Turpi Causa Non Oritur Actio
Final Notice-Prices are going up from 3rd May
Torts in the Cyber World
The Tort of Nuisance
Necessity and Authorities of Necessity as a Defence in Tort
Why Your Personal Brand as a Lawyer is Critical
Laws which can be Useful for You against Land Mafia in India
Damages under Tort Law
Social Media Policy for Banks
Procedure for Execution of the Order of Arbitral Tribunal
How non-NLU students can do 10x better that toppers from NLUs: Download free book [PDF] by Ramanuj Mukherjee
Just a Day and 9 Solid Reasons
Fear of Failure and Perfection are The Two Biggest Excuses You Must Watch Out For
Are you too busy to spend time on learning and development?
Success is not Linear, It’s a Trend
Difference Between Torts and Crime
Who is a Registered Valuer under the Companies Act, 2013 and how can one become a Registered Valuer
Discharge of Torts in India
Definitions of Torts and its Characteristics
Top 5 Fintech Companies in India
601 20
GST on Restaurants and Eateries: Four Interesting Points
10 Important Requirements of the Companies Act, 2013 as regards completing Financial Statements
Can lawyers attend meetings of the Committee of Creditors along with Creditors? Should they be allowed? An analysis
What is a Tort?
The Shift from Strict Liability to Absolute Liability
Private Defence under Law of Tort
Methods by which Security is Created against a Debt
Differences between Mergers of Listed and Unlisted Companies
What is IP Management and What are the Skills Needed for IP Management?
You are Gunpowder
Nobody Wakes up in the Morning and says you know What, I Need to Enroll into a Course Today
Tort Relating to Movable Property
Volenti Non Fit Injuria
Tax Implications of owning a Property Abroad
How are SPV Structures used for Housing Real Estate Projects?
Vicarious Liability in case of Master-Servant Relationship in Tort Law
Law against Human Trafficking in India
Critical Analysis Of Death Penalty In India
The Expanding Role Of Judiciary Through Public Interest Litigation
How to get a Judicial Clerkship
602 20
The Constitution of India and International Law
35 skills you should Learn to Succeed as an IP Lawyer
How to Enforce a Contract? Where can I file a case if my Contract is Breached?
A Critical Analysis Of The Right To Free Speech In India
What do I Want from You?
Demerger and Five Reasons why they are used within Corporate Groups.
What should Professors in Engineering and Management Colleges Teach about Cyber Law to encourage Entrepreneurship in India?
Voluntary Retention Route for Foreign Portfolio Investor
CS Trainee Required in Mumbai
How to Handle Law School in a No-Stress Way
Exclusive and Amazing IP Law and Media Law Resources for you
Five Points you would like to Request in a Requisition List regarding HR and Employment Aspects
The People you will Meet as a Law Student and How to Deal with them
5 Different Types of Hybrid Securities and their Features
Five Clauses which Founders should be wary of in a Shareholders’ Agreement
All you need to know about Live-in Relationships in India
Concept of Decent Work under Labour Laws
What are Rights and Duties?
What are the Advantages that Non-NLU Students have over NLU Students?
What happens to unclaimed dividends?
603 20
What is Free Consent?
Partition under Hindu Law
Right of First Refusal or Right of First Offer which works Best & why?
All you need to know as a Foreign Company acquiring an Indian Company
How to Create a Vision for Yourself
Work on your Brain – Scientifically Enhance your Intelligence
Build your Network
What is Perpetual Contract?
The Concept of Strict and Absolute Liablity
Right to Education in India
What is the Course of Trial when the Death Sentence is Awarded by the Session Court
Grounds on which an Arbitration Award can be Challenged
Is corporal punishment legal in India
FDI in Real Estate in India and case of Emaar Group
Retrospectivity of Section 35 (f) of the Central and Excise Duty Act
When is a contract considered illegal ?
Different types of Alternative Investment Funds
All you Need to Know About India’s First IT Hostile Takeover
National Summit on Skill Development for Law Students
How can you find Buyers for your Patented Process?
604 20
Significant Beneficial Owners
How to Succeed when the World is Unfair
Do you have a Safe Space to Make Mistakes?
Jurisdiction of Central Administrative Tribunal
India a Federal or a Quasi-federal country : an insight
Potential Applications of Artificial Intelligence in Legal Industry
Why Debts Recovery Tribunal appoints Receiver
Custody of Children after Divorce
All you need to know about Housing Cooperative Society and what can the Members of Housing Cooperative Society do if they face Harassment
Most Important Clauses in a Confidentiality Agreement
How Amazon and Flipkart are dealing with New E-Commerce Regulations
Interpretation of term ‘Basic Wages’ of EPF & MP Act, 1952 and Impact of Recent Judgment of Supreme Court delivered in Surya Roshni Ltd v. EPFO, 2019 LLR 339 (SC)
Contingent Contracts under Indian Contract Act
Analysing the Duties of Resolution Professional- Is the Burden Imposed upon Them under IBC Excessive?
What to do if Police does not take any Action on your Complaint
Law on lynching in India
Annuity Taxes in India
Impact of Creditors in an M&A Transaction
How to Publish a Cover Version of a Song on Youtube
How do we train Students to think like a Lawyer
605 20
Negligence In Law Of Torts
Kya apna time ayega?
Evolution of Securities and Investment Laws in India
Very Important: LawSikho Price Alert
Extracting Deleted Data from Social Media Platforms and Internet Service Providers (ISPs)
20 reasons Why HR Managers must learn Labour Law
Who is GST Practitioner and How one can become a GST practitioner?
Medical Negligence and the Law
What Registrations do you require to start a Stock Broking Business?
What are Government eMarketplace (GeM) and SWAYATT (Startups, Women and Youth Advantage Through eTransactions) and how is it helpful to startups?.
Animal Protection Laws in India
Why Stress Management is Critical for Lawyers to Succeed
How can Shareholders remove a Managing Director?
Amazon and India’s FDI Policy
First day, Make the first move towards Personal Growth: Invest in yourself
10 Most Important Contracts in the Shipping Business
5 chilled out jobs for lawyers
Fugitive Economic Offenders Act, 2018 – A Critical Analysis
Extracting Call Data Records
RTI in case of Property Matters in Mumbai
606 20
How Amazon has Restructured to Comply with new FDI rules on E-commerce?
Important Features of Marine Insurance Contract
What are the Remedies Available in the Law of Torts?
Why I Left a Big Law Firm job for a Career in Consulting
3 Amazing Things you Need to Learn to Transform your Career
What is Crowdfunding? How can you do it?
Common Mistakes Law Students make while Applying for Internships
Financial Ratios that are relevant for Investment in a Company
Section 12 of Hindu Adoption and Maintenance Act,1956, Complicating the Uncomplicated?
Realty Check: Will Embassy REIT bring more Investment in Commercial Real Estate?
Laws Related to Self-Incriminating Acts and Statements
Law Related to Dying Declaration in Criminal Matters
Find a Mentor
Depository Receipts Scheme of RBI and Advanced Issues
The Biggest Setbacks you will Encounter as a Law Student and How to Overcome them
Law of Agency : what is Principal- Agent relationship?
Expressly Void Agreements: Agreements in Restraint of Trade, Marriage and Legal Proceedings
Overview of the Indian Stamp Act Amendments proposed by the Finance Bill, 2019
Minor as Partner under The Partnership Act
Differentiating Between Offer and Invitation to Offer
607 20
Interlocutory Applications and Orders under Civil Procedure
Aspiration, Desperation, Inspiration, Perspiration
What to do in the Last Week of the Financial Year
What is Defamation
The Biggest Confusion and How Law Students and Young Lawyers Fall Victim to it
Why do NLU Graduates have an Edge and How Anyone can still Beat them – Part 2
Playing in the Sandbox v. Real Life Projects – How to Stand out and Succeed Big as a College Student
6 Reasons Why Lawyers Need Video Converters
Top 5 Technology Law Firms in India
All You Need To Know About Prompt Corrective Action
Top 5 Cities in India in Terms of Real Estate Transactions
Time and Place of Performance of Contract
What is Contract Of Guarantee
Private Placement under Companies Act
What is Initial Public Offering?
Article 35A of the Constitution of India
Top Arbitration Law Firms in India
Understanding the Presidential Power to Pardon in India
Fixed Term Employment Contracts In India
What is the Contract of Bailment?
608 20
How can Non-NLU Students do 10x better than NLU Graduates
Things Fall Apart: The Unmaking of 5 Major M&A Deals
What are the Qualities that would make for a Top-notch M&A Lawyer?
What are the Top 5 reasons for Dispute in a Manufacturing Agreement?
Benami Transactions and The Law
Time Sensitive: Prices go up from 15th April 2019
How Intellectual Property is Valued during a Transfer of Business
9 Cases That Should be on Your Fingertips While Studying Contracts
Quasi-Contractual Obligations under Indian Contract Act
Why Tax Lawyers are the Richest Lawyers?
100 Lawyers you should follow on LinkedIn
Essentials of a valid contract
Things that Go Around in the Mind of Final year Law Student
Features of a Model Operations and Maintenance Agreement: An Overview of the Provisions
Evidentiary Value of FIR
Trade Mark Registration Process
When Can a Criminal Case be Filed?
Checklist for Filing an FIR
Who are Incompetent to Contract?
Doctrine of Privity of Contract
609 20
How to File an e-FIR?
How to Draft an FIR ?
Mistake of Fact and Mistake of Law under The Indian Contract Act,1872
Demerger and Five Reasons Why it is used
What is the Difference between a Share Purchase Shareholder Agreement and Business Transfer Agreement?
How can Foreign Venture Capital Investors Invest in India
Disclosures, Delisting and Approvals During Acquisitions
 Stamp Duty on Finance Transactions
A Year of Living With A Purpose
What happens if the other Party also files an FIR?
How To seek Protection if you Apprehend Danger?
Effect of Minority on the Agreement
What is your Role after Lodging The FIR?
What happens after You file An FIR?
What is the Difference between a General Diary Entry and an FIR?
What happens if the police refuse to register an FIR
Wagering Agreement and Its Essentials
Criminal Ordinance Bill, 2018– Shooting Arrows In The Dark
FDI In Defence Sector In India- A Long Way To Go   
Conditions When an Agreement becomes a Contract
610 20
What is the Doctrine of Restitution?
How Soon Should you Lodge FIR?
How is an FIR different from a Complaint?
She Hung Up On Me
What is FIR? How to file an FIR?
Appeal Under RTI Act
Fees Required for Filing RTI Application
Filing RTI Application
Sample RTI Application to keep Track on Passport Application
Drafting an RTI Application
Sedition Law in India – A brief discussion
How to Market Yourself as a Lawyer
What is a Free Consent? When it is not considered Free?
Dispute Resolution in the Shipping Industry in India
Unsecured Loans from Directors
Definition and Essentials of Offer and Acceptance
Strike: A Loss-Loss Situation
How Multinational Corporations are using India-Mauritius Double Tax Avoidance Agreement to Avoid Payment of Taxes
How to Start an Event Planning Business
Top Legal Youtube Channels in India
611 20
Diploma in Entrepreneurship Administration and Business Laws – LawSikho
Stamp Duty on M&A Transactions
What is a Contract?
Starting operations in India as a Foreign Company under the FDI route
Diploma in M&A, Institutional finance & Investment Laws (PE and VC transactions)- LawSikho
What are you feeding your mind with?
Different Writs Enshrined in the Constitution
Defamation in Mediation Proceedings
Foreign Portfolio Investors
Career Opportunities in IPR for Lawyers
Exemptions to the Open Offer under the Takeover Code
Remedies in case of IPR Violation
Identifying Public Authority And Public Information Officer
How RTI can be Used by Lawyers and Consultants
My Parents Said No
Use of RTI in getting Information regarding Public Authorities
Are you Going to be a Great Lawyer?
Court Approved Merger of Two Listed Companies
Cryptocurrency
Step by Step Procedure by the Acquirer when Open Offer is Triggered
612 20
A Financial Revolution at LawSikho: if you are Finding it Hard to Afford our Courses
All you Need to Know About Copyright
How can Non Profits Qualify for Donations under Section 80G of the Income Tax Act, 1961
Helping underprivileged children attend school – Here is how you can play your part
8 Biggest Frauds and Mistakes in the M&A History of India
With War on Our Minds
Unconscionability as Grounds for Avoiding an Agreement
Appointment of commission for local investigation under the Civil Procedure Code
How Should I Choose my Area of Practice and Focus?
How to Have Better Sex
What Is A Foreign Company Under The Companies Act, 2013?
New technology trends that are likely to have long term impact on the legal profession
Top 5 Developments in Fintech Law in 2018
Here comes more toppers from LawSikho.com
Career opportunities in tax law
Everything you need to know about Intestate Succession
11 challenges every law graduate faces in the first year of litigation
Trial of summon cases under CrPc
Everything you need to know about Acqui Hire transactions
What are my chances of landing a good job when I graduate as a lawyer?
613 20
Top Training Resources for Microsoft 70-767 Exam
Where do you get your advice from?
Calling disruptive lawyers of the future: The most awesome training you can expect
Inventions Not Patentable in India – Non patentable inventions Under The Indian Patent Act
Position of Bigamy Under the Indian Law
The most important victory of my life
SC upholds IBC but the battle between Financial and Operational Creditors rages on
Appeal, Reference and Revision under the Code of Criminal Procedure
Cement Analysis: 4 interesting facts you should know
I don’t want it easy, I want it hard!
What Precautions to take if FIR is Registered with CBI in an Economic Offence
One hour a day for one year(Last one day)
How to improve the role of Independent Directors in India
One day someday
3 Things I Enjoyed the Most about Being a Law Student
Women’s Rights and Labour Law Statutes in India
How to apply for DIN (Director Identification Number)
Certificate Course in Advanced Civil Litigation: Practice, Procedure and Drafting.
Rights of an individual workman to raise an industrial dispute under the Industrial Disputes Act
How much time do you think you have?
614 20
Job Security v. Income Security
My biggest fears as I am about to graduate from law school
The best shortcut to success
Soldiers of Justice
LLP Compliance Calendar
Federalism under the Indian Constitution – Meaning and Features
Internationalism Awadh Forum
Setting up of In-house E-adjudication mechanism for settling compoundable offences under the Companies Act
XII Amity National Moot Court Competition [March 14-16, Lucknow] Register by 8th February 2019.
Job, Career or Mission?
Top 15 YouTube Channels for Legal Updates from Around the World
What is Transfer Pricing? Why is it important?
What my Wife Said to Me
Criminal Liability and the Defence of Superior Orders Under the Indian Laws
Become the Tag
Productivity Hacks for Lawyers: Are you Using These Tools?
Constitutional Validity of Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code
Five Points to Include in Sexual Harassment Policy 
NALSAR University of Law and Animal Law Centre Organises Teachers Training Program
5 Things You Should Know About Innovation in the Indian Legal Sector
615 20
Corporate Compliance Calendar for the Month of February, 2019
4-Step Strategy to Write Legal Articles for Decision Makers (Who Are Not Lawyers)
Five Points You Should Take Care Of While Deciding Whom to Pitch for Investment
Comparative Analysis of the laws on Insolvency before and after the enactment of the Insolvency and the Bankruptcy Code
Why it is Important to Upgrade your Ambition and Climb Up the Value Chain
Why People Fail To Achieve Their Goals And How To Beat The Pitfall
Who is a High Net Worth Individual? How is this Concept Relevant for Investment?
Joint Application for Compounding of Offences by Company and its Officers Under Section 441 of Companies Act
Why every student of law specializing in international law must read Chanakya
Role of NCLT in Promoting the Interests of Banks and Financial Institutions
Why we need a law protecting women’s sexual reproductive and menstrual rights
Analysis of the Recent Case Laws on Definition and Scope of Financial Debt
Have you ever had a coach?
Investigation powers of Real Estate Regulatory Authorities
How in-house legal teams are beating law firms in their own game and why you may need to rethink your career
Should Insolvency Professional Beware- Examination and Analysis of Disciplinary Actions against IPs
Foreign Institutional Investors
Key Things To Negotiate While Taking Space On Lease For Setting up a Gym.
Charitable Institutions and Tax Planning
Blacklisting of Contractors by the Government and Public Sector Undertakings
616 20
RBI’s New Framework for External Commercial Borrowings (ECB)
How Indian law colleges are killing their students and the legal profession
How to file a Copyright Infringement Suit and which Interim Reliefs to claim?
An open letter to the Instagram generation’s lawyers and business leaders
Double Taxation Avoidance Agreement
How the new Aadhar amendment bill affects the Fintech space
Arbitration: is it attracting young lawyers ?
Importance of Dispute Resolution Clause in a Power Purchase Agreement – Analysis of Coastal Andhra Power Limited vs Andhra Pradesh Central Power
Why there is an urgent need for proper implementation of provisions relating to bail
How to come up with compelling arguments for your clients in the court?
Do you need to learn this top skill?
Three cases of Competing Offers for Takeovers and Why an acquirer succeeded.
How can a Power of Attorney Effective in India be Signed Abroad?
When the fish walked on the land
Learning by studying versus learning by doing
 Here comes more toppers from LawSikho.com
Four Reasons Why a Founder would want to Leave Post Takeover.
All you need to know about Letter Patent Appeal
Organizing a Marathon? Here are the legal compliance you must know
M&A transaction in TV and Entertainment Industry
617 20
Analysis of RBI Regulations Relevant to Insolvency Resolution Process under Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code
Why every student of law must watch Judgement at Nuremberg
The hardest part of being successful as a lawyer
Want to earn by writing amazing articles on legal industry and law as a career? Here is an opportunity.
Default Clauses in an LLP Agreement
All that you must know about E-Contracts
Blogging, YouTube and Social Media – why as a lawyer you want to master these
How to succeed as a law student in 2019
Is Mediation Gaining Popularity in India? 
A jurisprudential understanding behind the evolution of marriage as an institution
All you need to know about Section 498A of the IPC
Demons and Dragons: How to decide if you should take a 1 year course or just start with 3 months one?
Using Insolvency resolution mechanism as a pressure tool for recovery-A Practical Analysis
The toppers break their silence!
Redefining India’s Online Retail Market : Reasons Why Walmart Decided To Invest In Flipkart
Impact of Section 377 on Indian Family Law
Review and its Grounds under CPC
Historical School of Jurisprudence
Sociological School of Jurisprudence
What is the best way to learn the law? 3 invaluable lessons from a decade of offering online courses
618 20
Settlement of cases post initiation of Insolvency Resolution Process: Case law analysis pre and post the inclusion of Section 12A in IBC
Right to constitutional remedies – Analysis of Article 32 of the Indian Constitution
Nani Palkhivala Quiz on Constitutional Law
The Ambit of Article 21 of the Indian Constitution
Sexual Harassment of Domestic Workers at their Workplaces
Offenses and Penalties under Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016
Biggest M&A failures in the history of India
Two very important life lessons to deal with worst disasters you will ever face
The Hague Convention for Serving Summons Abroad
Impact of the latest changes in the Companies Act on private placements of shares.
Analysis of Section 10 of the Indian Contract Act, 1872
Laws on Bigamy in India
All you need to know about Slump Sale
How to protect the interest of the creditors
The incredible story of an unreasonable man
Is it useful to file a Provisional Patent ?What are the pros and cons ?
Hawala: A Parallel Economy
All you need to know about the Bidding Process for Procurement of Power
Medical negligence and the liability under the Consumer Protection Act
The Implications of Network Effects for Competition Law
619 20
How to apply for free legal aid
Notice of Production of Document Under Order 12 Rule 8 of Civil Procedure Code,1908
Second Appeal under CPC
How to become CEO of a fortune 500 company at the age of 32
Procedure for getting Legal Aid in Criminal Matters
All you need to know about Small Finance Banks
Under what circumstances can a Juvenile be tried as an Adult
Laws you need to know as an Ethical Hacker.
Are you a member of the ICC? What are you even supposed to do when a sexual harassment complaint is filed?
Review of Judgement Under CPC
Analysis of the Muslim Women (Protection of Rights on Marriage) Bill, 2018
How should I know if I should pursue law?
All you need to know about Contract Management
10 Things to Know About Share Pledge Agreements
Top 5 Supreme Court judgment on misuse of 498A
Best IP law firms to work for in India for lawyers under 35
All you need to know about Automated Patent Landscaping
How to lodge a complaint on ATM Card Skimming
Legal rights of persons with mental illnesses
Prepaid Payment Instruments (PPIs) and its Regulations
620 20
Deemed Dividend and its Compliances
Prerequisites for Writing the All India Bar Exam
Pluralism under the Indian Constitution – An analysis in the wake of Supreme Court’s judgment on Section 377
Analyzing the Consumer Protection Bill, 2018
How you can make this new year special
Private defense under IPC
Witness Protection Scheme in India
31 Topmost M&A Lawyers in India
Data Protection Laws vis-a-vis Electronic Health Records
Legal Framework and Regulations on Wilful Defaulters
Legal Sources of IFRS in India
Res Judicata under Civil Procedure Code, 1908
Is Real Estate Law practice “Lucrative”?
Rights of Women during Interrogation
Additional Written Statement under Order 8 Rule 9 of CPC
Foreign Company under the Companies Act, 2013
What kind of legal work will be generated from India’s ambitious plan to build 100 smart cities?
What kind of work can lawyers, Company Secretaries and CAs perform around black money law?
The biggest mistake you will make while writing a law article and how to avoid it
How to structure an MLM company in India
621 20
Unlisted Companies and Mandatory Dematerialisation of its Shares
What is sales and what it is not
Legal documents that every HR professional must know how to draft
Loopholes in the Consumer Protection Act, 1986 and how the Consumer Protection Bill, 2018 overcome these loopholes
How women can save tax in India – Income tax benefits for women
Is sales a good career in India?
Amendments of Pleadings under Order 6 Rule 17 of CPC
Summoning Doctor for Evidence (Handover Summons)
Center-State Relationship under the Indian Constitution – Is there a partnership between the Center and the States?
GAAR’s Impact on Foreign Investors
How Transgender Person (Protection of Rights) Bill, 2018 is Not Addressing the Actual Problems of Transgenders
Why Companies Act, 2013 needs a definition of the terms ‘transferor company’ and ‘transferee company’ for the purposes of Chapter XV
3 important things you can practice to succeed as a lawyer
Induction processes for Directors
6 Issues in M&A Transactions That Can Derail a Deal
‘Aarrears of lease rent’ can be claimed as ‘operational debt’ within the meaning of Section 5(21) of the I&B Code, 2016
How to renew a trade license
How to start a company law practice
10 Things to know about Facebook’s New Data Policy
Legal definition of free consent in India
622 20
Medical examination of rape victims
Hearing by First Appellate Authority Under RTI Act, 2005
The legal world is changing. How can you take advantage of these trends?
Human Rights and Disability Laws in India
Why duty to rescue should be made a legal duty under the penal laws
Interpleader Suits – Section 88 read with Order XXXV of CPC
How to Apply for Permanent Driving License in Telangana & Andhra Pradesh
The biggest problem law firms are facing
Process of Re-issue of Forfeited Shares
Rights of Retiring Auditors Under Companies Act 2013
Provisions with respect to the issue of Bonus Shares under The Companies Act, 2013
Rules regarding maximum shareholding in a company.
What is GAAR and How Does it Impact M&A Transactions
How does delisting of shares impact the shareholders?
Application of Competition laws in M&A transaction
Foreign Direct Investment: Pricing Strategy
All That You Must Know About Captive Generation Plant
What is the difficulty level of the All India Bar Examination? Is it increasing or decreasing in difficulty?
Taxation Of Long-Term Capital Gain in India
Life in a corporate law firm
623 20
Mr. X Vs. Hospital Z – Disclosure of Dreadful Diseases
Mergers & Acquisition – Getting the Deal Through Diligence, Share Purchase and Closing
Reasons Why Sabrimala Verdict is Flawed
What to do if an LLP is striked off? What are the grounds for striking off?
Early Neutral Evaluation – A Detailed Analysis
9 Biggest challenges you will face when you begin to intern as a law student
What Are CKYC Norms, Who Needs To Comply, How Does It Work And How Do Customers Benefit?
Christian Louboutin Sas. Vs. Nakul Bajaj & Ors. – Examining the liability of an e-commerce as an “intermediary” of IP rights
Is scarcity really good?
What is a lawyer’s work with respect to the Takeover Code in M&A transactions?
Five Points to Note About Conducting Due Diligence of Intellectual Property of Investee
International Opportunities for Indian Arbitration Lawyers
23 Most Important Recent Amendments (since 2017) to the Companies Act, 2013
Generalist v. Specialist in context of in-house counsels: What are the pros and cons?
How Are The Terms And Conditions Of An E-learning Website Like Udemy Or Coursera Different From Those Of Netflix, Hotstar Or Amazon Prime?
8 reasons why successful corporate lawyers are moving in-house from law firms
Process of Insolvency Resolution under IBC (Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code)
HOW CAN YOU PROTECT YOUR PATENT INTERNATIONALLY?
E-learning v. classroom – Why e-learning is the future of education
Bhopal Gas Tragedy and the Development of Environmental Jurisprudence in India
624 20
The origin story: iPleaders, lawsikho and onwards
R v Dudley and Stephens – Case Analysis
Two Finger Test While Examining a Victim of Sexual Offence
What you can learn from Anurag Kashyap about getting your dream job
Top 10 essentials skills every budding lawyer must develop
What are the skills you need to succeed as an in-house counsel in real estate sector?
CCI On Leniency Regulations
Media as the Fourth Pillar of Democracy
7 good career building habits you should double down on after getting a job
How to build confidence for AIBE: Last Minute Tips
Are you a natural conflict resolver?
Do you want to become a champion in contract drafting and negotiation
What are the 10 agreements that real estate lawyers have to draft most frequently?
In which practice areas do lawyers need the most solid grip on company law?
Top 5 reasons why people fail the All India Bar Exam
Why people struggle to succeed in criminal law and how you can do well
All you need to know about illegal detention
How to earn on the side while you are studying law
How to Resolve the Problem of Identifying the Right Talent in Unorganised Sector
Organisational Setup of State Government Labour Departments
625 20
Is online betting legal in India?
LawSikho’s Media and Entertainment Law Course; Applications Open
Cyber threats in social networking websites
Stamping of Foreign Arbitration Awards in India – Analysis of Supreme Court’s ruling in M/S. Shri Ram EPC Limited Vs Rioglass Solar SA
Things you need to know as a banking lawyer
Practicing cyber litigation: opportunities and challenges
10 TYPES OF CONTRACTS DRAFTED BY INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY LAWYERS
Biggest challenge faced by Indian judiciary
Judicial Interpretation on Right of Lien
How do you keep improving your contract drafting skills while you’re working?
National Register of Citizens of India
How to Pay Your Property Tax Online
Why Lawyers Make Good Politicians
What are the 100 most common contracts you should consider learning to draft?
General Exceptions under the IPC
How Were Women Oppressed During the Ancient and Medieval India – Analysis of Legislative Framework and Customary Practices
What should law aspirants do when they cannot clear CLAT or other law entrance exams
Top 7 Venture Debt Funds in India
What you have to learn to be an outstanding arbitration lawyer
Hurdles you face in India when trying to get quick justice through arbitration
626 20
Preparation without finding answers to hard questions doesn’t count
Sexual Harassment Prevention Laws in India
Why it is expensive to buy cheap online courses
Pricing Strategy: why we charge what we charge
The pursuit of excellence – how far will you take it?
Office of Profit – Definition under the Indian Constitution
SEBI Regulations and their attempt to limit Insider Trading – A Comparison Between Indian and US Regulations and Rules
How to start preparing for a career in media law while you are still in college
Valuation of Assets Under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code
Here is all you need to know about venture debt in India
5 Ways to Have a Happy Work Life
What does a lawyer need to know about business laws
Marital Rape in India
Legal Rights of a Woman After Divorce
International Conventions on Prohibition Against Torture
Why Hard Work is The Biggest Enemy of Success
Why lawyers have inherent advantage as entrepreneurs and why entrepreneurs should consider learning business law
How do you ensure that you don’t become irrelevant?
National Legal Essay Writing Competition Organised by Legal Aawaz – December 15, 2008 – Win Cash Prizes Worth 18K
Hashimpura Massacre Case – Verdict by the Delhi High Court Sentences 16 Policemen To Life Imprisonment
627 20
Banking frauds in India and how they can be stopped
Is it possible to become an arbitrator even if you are not a retired judge?
General defences under law of torts
Where can I get started if I want to learn more about contract drafting?
How can I prepare myself for a career in arbitration when I am still in law school?
Who makes the most money when there is an economic boom
How to prepare for CLAT PG Programme
How the Competition Act failed to achieve the legislative intent
Merger of Limited Liability Partnership with Private Limited Companies
Critical skills for HR managers and how law enhances them
How to get your boss to sponsor a course for you
The great Indian wave is coming: are you ready for it?
MANDATORY COMPLIANCES UNDER THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013
Contracts that an SEZ developer executes while building and running an SEZ
The Specific Relief (Amendment) Act, 2018 – Overview & Implications
Analysis of Combination Regulations Amendment, 2018
How to prepare Maths for CLAT
Regulatory Provisions relating to Acceptance, Invitation, Renewal and Repayment of Public Deposits
The three joggers
Top 10 Most Inspirational Female Lawyers in India
628 20
Marital Rape in India and Why It Should Be Criminalised
Constitutionality of Restitution of Conjugal Rights under Hindu Marriage Act, 1955
Everything you need to know about Asset Stripping
All you need to know about CCI Dawn Raids
Religious denominations under the Indian Constitution
Jurisprudence of Equal Opportunity – Comparative Analysis of Indian, US and Australian Legal System
Restructuring through a scheme of demerger
How Cross-Border eCommerce Merchants are Dealing With Indian Regulations
Parody of Public Figures and Defamation Suit
Did a ‘false signal’ make you believe you are no longer passionate about your goals?
Should Startups Raise Capital Through Equity Investors or Loans?
The Corporate Governance Lessons From The IL&FS Crisis
Exemption of Agricultural Income Under the Income Tax Act
Constitutional Analysis of Simultaneous Elections
Register of members under the Companies Act
Concept of share capital under the Companies Act
What is the one technique that helps you stay ahead of the curve?
Impact of US-China Trade War on India
An Insight into Law of Torts in India
How to File a Complaint Before the Human Rights Commission
629 20
Specific Performance of Contract and its enforceability
Seat of Arbitration – Supreme Court in Hardy Exploration
What makes you burn with passion?
Sebi PIT Regulation on Leakage of UPSI through WhatsApp
LawSikho’s Insolvency & Bankruptcy Law Course; Applications Open
Where do you see yourself in the next five years?
Skills for being a successful a civil litigator in 2018
All things are indeed created twice
Why do deal lawyers earn so much?
Doctrine of basic structure
The Criminal Law (Amendment) Act, 2018
You will find opportunities in most unlikely places, when you are not ready
Planning to Invest in The US Real Estate Sector – These are the 7 Tips You Need to Know
How to lodge a complaint to your municipality on water-logging
Environment Protection Under the Indian Constitution
Concept of Justice – Jurisprudential understanding of Justice
What are the big challenges you face when you begin to practice M&A laws?
Role of Lawyers in Project Finance Deals
How the Jadhav Case gave Iran an upper hand against the USA at the ICJ
How the SC’s Aadhaar judgement affects the business entities
630 20
Why #metoo will not go far without safeguards and principles of natural justice
What do you do when it seems that you can’t achieve your dreams?
The NUJS Gender and Sexuality Forum – The Diversity Project
Job Opportunities for Overseas Students in Canada
How Canadian Express Entry System Works
Need for Effective Corporate Governance and Its Challenges
How the decriminalisation of homosexuality impacts the LGBT community
Cabotage Rules under the Merchant Shipping Act, 1958
What are the skill sets you need to develop to succeed as a lawyer?
Condition and Warranty Under Sale of Goods Act, 1930
Creation of Charges under the Companies Act, 2013 – A compliance checklist
Laws for prevention of food adulteration in India
How to recover compensation under the Information Technology Act
Career in Corporate Law – All you need to know
What is Law?
Top Law Colleges in India
Legal Education in India Vis-à-vis other Asian Nations
An Overview of Labour Laws in India
Election Procedure for Housing Societies
Legal framework regulating eSports in India
631 20
All you need to know about REITs/InvITs in India
All you need to know about Fintech in India
Iddat under Muslim Personal Law
Paternity Leave Policies in India
#MeToo #TimesUp Movement In India: Laws Regarding Sexual Offences In India And What Can You Do About Them
Screw ups in CLAT since 2009
How to draft an effective cover letter
How to crack CLAT 2019
Uber’s merger with Grab in Singapore – Regulatory Setbacks Faced
Five free productivity tools that every lawyer needs
How to enforce a claim for liquidated damages
What is the secret behind success?
Why Is Women Participation So Poor in the Indian Economy?
Update on the online courses at NUJS: Notification pursuant to 62nd EC Meeting offers no answers
Federalism Under the Indian Constitution
When The Going Gets Tough, The Tough Gets Going!
Consent under the Indian rape laws
How to legally eliminate the practice of Manual Scavenging
Legality of Nikah Halala in India
Adam Smith’s theory on cannons of taxation
632 20
Forgery and Making of False Document Under the Indian Law
Legal Precautions to take before marrying in a temple
Dilemma of Tripura High Court: Anlysis of Sri Nemani Dey alias Pijus v State of Tripura
Guide on different types of bank accounts non-resident Indians (NRIs) can open in India
Presumption as to legitimacy of a child under section 112 of the Indian Evidence Act
Evolution of Banking Reforms in the United States
Lifting of Corporate Veil Under the Companies Act
Forest Law in India – Policy and Assessment
Law Exam Calendar – Timeline for Law Entrance Examinations in India
Shares under Companies Act – Meaning, Nature and Types
Case Analysis – Barcelona Traction Case
Expressions @ RGNUL, All India Inter-University Competitions: Register by October 24
Which contractual clauses should be executed between hotel aggregators (Such as Oyo group) and property owners
Why blogging is critical for all lawyers
Legal Consequences of Defaulting on Personal Loan
Privileged communication between husband and wife under section 122 of the Indian Evidence Act
Right to equality under the Indian Constitution
Amalgamation of PSBs (Public Sector Banks) – Key Issues and Challenges
How to discover your skills and talents
Doctrine of Part Performance & Specific Performance of Contract
633 20
Mandatory Bid Rule under the Takeover regulation in India
Which skill sets are both obvious yet most overlooked in the legal profession?
Implication of GST on Transfer of Business
Is illegally obtained evidence admissible under the Indian Laws? A comparative analysis of illegally obtained evidence
Will the proposed easing of FDI in inventory based model boost E-commerce Industry in India?
Section 20 of Code of Civil Procedure and its interplay with Section 134 of the Trademark Act
Murli s. Deora v. Union of India – A case study on legal consequences of tobacco consumption in public places
Atul Mehra v Bank of Maharastra – Case Study on Bailment under the Indian Contract Act
When Does Rule Breaking Make You A Winner?
Application for Rejection of Plaint under Code of Civil Procedure
Emerging Artificial Intelligence (AI) Trends in The Legal Profession
4 things you must know about real estate lawyers
Is Parody fair use or infringement of copyright
Intellectual Property Issues in Mergers and Acquisitions
What if you could time travel like the Flash?
What I learnt from AZB’s knowledge-sharing sessions
Recent Trends in Mergers and Acquisitions
Trademark Assignment in India
Importance Of Indemnity Clauses In Commercial Contracts
15 Most Important Judgments of Supreme Court in 2017
634 20
Concept of ‘Deceptively Similar’ in Indian trademark law: Starbucks v Sardarbuksh
Implications of Kotak Committee Report on Corporate Governance in India
All you need to know about Proxy Advisory Services
Is Corporate Law Overrated As A Career Choice
How do Corporate Lawyers Earn their Bread & Butter?
Books that every aspiring corporate lawyer and business lawyer should read about
The unforeseen struggles you will face in your career!
Indirect Acquisition under Takeover Code, 2011
Decriminalizing of Offences Under the Indian Companies Act
Challenges to Juvenile Justice Laws in India
Evaluating regulatory framework for blockchain technologies
Rules of Statutory Interpretation a Lawyer Must Know
Indian Banks Initiating Insolvency Proceedings Against Defaulters
Leniency Programme of Competition Commission of India
Consequences of Failure to get the Shares Listed in Stock Exchange named in the Prospectus
Legal Framework regulating E-Commerce in India
Online blackmail on dating websites like Tinder and Hinge – an experiment and case study
Confidentiality in Arbitration vis-à-vis Arbitration and Conciliation (Amendment) Bill, 2018
Best Practices for Doing Business in India Through Liaison Office
Forms Required for Incorporation of a Limited Liability Partnership
635 20
6 Agreements You Need to Know To Be a Skillful Real Estate Lawyer
Compliance Requirement under Companies (Significant Beneficial Owners) Rules, 2018
Trademark Opposition In India – Complete Guide
Approval of shareholders is mandatory for initiating CIRP process by corporate debtor
Managing risks in outsourcing of financial services by banks
Cancer victims in USA are declaring bankruptcy
5 Films That Challenge Society’s Views About Persons with Intellectual and Developmental Challenges
What must Law Firm Lawyers Know about Company Laws
Transboundary Harm in International Law
Analysis of The Indian Arbitration and Conciliation (Amendment) Bill, 2018
Definition of arbitration under the Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996
Marketplace contracts with vendors and customers
Inherent jurisdiction of civil courts to try a case of civil nature
Minority Squeeze Out Under Companies Act, 2013
Leveraged buyouts of distressed Indian companies
The obligations of employer under the Payment of Wages Act, 1936
Top Law Colleges in Madhya Pradesh
Real Estate Lawyers: The What & How of The Job!
Consequences of defaulting on a personal loan
3 Common Mistakes Made By Freshers Right After They Join Law Firms
636 20
Monopolies and Restrictive Trade Practices Act, 1970
Career Opportunities for M&A Lawyers
Top legal institutes in Indore and factors to be kept in mind while deciding the right one
How to Draft a Shareholders Agreement
Legal and regulatory framework governing QIBs
Pleadings under the Code of Civil Procedure
Intimation of Notice under the Income Tax Act, The Customs Act, 1962, The Central Excise Act, 1944 and the GST
Federalism in India – Analysis of the Indian Constitution
State enacted anti conversion law in India
How to conduct disciplinary inquiry under the Industrial Establishment (Standing Orders) Act and Rules, 1946
Assessing the Constitutional Vires of sections 12(2)(b) and 14 of the The Fugitive Economic Offenders Act, 2018
How to Combine Gardening Leave Clause and Non-compete Arrangement
How to Draft a Golden Handcuff Provision
How to Draft Golden Parachute and Golden Handshake Provision 
National Legal Services Authority vs Union of India – Case Analysis
Sage University launches an LLB program that helps law students to prepare for judicial exams
Franchise agreement – The Fifth in The Series of 5 Important IP Contracts
How To Practice Contract Drafting At Home
When Your STARs Go Wrong: How I Blew My Interview With Investec
Confidentiality or Non-Disclosure Agreements – The Fourth in The Series of 5 Important IP Contracts
637 20
Distribution Agreements – The Third in The Series of 5 Important IP Contracts
4 Life-Changing Realisations In Your Legal Career
Assignment or Transfer Contracts – The Second in The Series of 5 Important IP Contracts
IP Licensing Agreements – The First in The Series of 5 Important IP Contracts
Why Do Lawyers Quit Their Law Firm Jobs
Lodha Committee on BCCI Reforms- All you need to know!
Duties of a Director under the Companies Act
5 Reasons Why Law Students Are Choosing Law Firms Over Litigation
All You Need To Know About Payment Banks
Why Drafting Skills Make A Huge Difference in The Early Years of Your Career
7 Most Commonly Asked Questions on Cancelled Cheques
Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform Explained
Foreign Exchange Management (Transfer or Issue of Security by a Person Resident outside India) (Amendment) Regulations, 2018 – Key Highlights
How I Blew My Interview With Star India
Is law a good career in India?
Foreign Direct Investment in single brand, multi-brand retail and e-commerce
How are approvals for government route investments obtained in post Foreign Investment Promotion Board era
Holding and Subsidiary Companies – Provisions under the Companies Act
Restitution of Conjugal Rights Under the Hindu Marriage Act
Atal Bihari Vajpayee’s legislative reforms that changed India forever
638 20
Amity University Madhya Pradesh (AUMP) organises its 2nd edition of National Moot Court Competition 2018
7 Most Common Contracts Lawyers Have To Draft
The interplay between Payment of Wages Act, Delhi Shops and Establishment Act and Factories Act
How Minimum Wage is determined under the Minimum Wages Act of Delhi
RBI Requirements relating to Risk Management in Banks
List of Punishments under the Companies Act, 2013
Seventh Schedule of the Indian Constitution
How can parents claim maintenance under the Indian Laws
How to File a Civil Suit in India
Important clauses in a contract of sale
Powers Vested With The District Magistrate Under Section 144 of CrPC
5 Mistakes Made While Preparing a Due Diligence Report
The Night I Spent at Howrah Railway Station
My Struggles as A First Generation Lawyer in India
Compensation payable under the Industrial Disputes Act, 1947 to employees when an undertaking is transferred
How to file a copyright infringement complaint on YouTube
Step by Step Blue Print for Getting A Job in A Big Law Firm in India
All you need to know about Impact Investing
Prior Notice Requirement Under Section 34(5) of the Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996
Why Must You Learn Contract Drafting While Still In Law School
639 20
Job Opportunities for law students after Graduation
Key Highlights of Civil Procedure Code (Amendment) Act, 2002
Challenges of Executing Foreign Arbitration Awards in India
Key Highlights of Fugitive Economic Offenders Bill, 2018
Nullity of Marriage Under the Indian Personal Laws
5 Essential Skills Law School Taught Me
Analysing the Foreign Exchange Management (Cross Border Merger) Regulations, 2018
Does an arbitration clause override the Micro and Small Enterprises Facilitation Council’s jurisdiction?
How Do You Learn Contract Drafting With An Ongoing Job Or Internship
Issues in implementation of free legal aid schemes – Critical Analysis of Article 39A of the Constitution of India
Child Sexual Abuse Laws in India – The POCSO Act
How Long Would Legal Industry Ignore the Importance of Data
Preamble to the Constitution of India
Laws relating to Third Gender in India
6 Essential Provisions in An Acquisition Agreement
Why India performed badly in Global Competitive Index
Policy Measures adopted by Uttarakhand for becoming a Swachh State
5 Things I Wish Law School Had Taught Me
Comparative study of Compliance requirements for Director: Company vs LLP
All you need to know about Banking Law and Practice in India
640 20
Why is CBI investigating AirAsia?
How can Indians sell their cryptocurrency given the RBI ban
How Criminal Procedure Code, 1973 (CrPC) deals with extradition
A Critical Analysis of Habibur Rahaman v. State of West Bengal
One Nation One Election – A Critical Analysis
How to Bag The Top Internships in Media and Entertainment Law
Penalty Proceedings under section 271 of the Income Tax Act and How to Tackle It
Reasons why taking dowry will land you in legal trouble
Poor Implementation of Environmental Laws in India
Procedure for Resignation of Directors under Companies Act, 2013
5 Things To Keep In Mind While Drafting Your Very First Contract
Process of obtaining Director Identification Number (DIN)
Why Can’t Centre Create High Court Bench In West UP?
Investigation of Unnatural Deaths under Section 174 of Code of Criminal Procedure, 1973
How I Blew My Interview with Amarchand Mangaldas
Mediation as an effective ADR mechanism
All You Need To Know About Unlawful Assembly or Section 144!
How Does LawSikho Help Our Students To Get Jobs And Internships
Why Every Lawyer Must Know Business Laws
How To Get A Job At Big Law Firms
641 20
Skills That Will Make You Stand Out As A Cyber Lawyer
5 Skills Companies Look For In Their In-House Lawyers
Analysis of the play Antigone by Sophocles from the perspective of Natural and Positive School of Law
Implied Conditions and Warranties under the Sale of Goods Act
How can you get legal services in the USA if you don’t have money to spend on lawyers
What Area of Law Should I Focus on to Get a Sureshot Job at a Law Firm?
Law Firm vs. In-House – What Should Your First Job Be?
Rules regarding Alteration of Share Capital of a Company
Laws relating to the Third Gender and Homosexuality in India – An Analysis
What kind of work do lawyers in general corporate practice do?
5 Law Firms In India With The Best Media Law Practice
Corporate Social Responsibility in India: Triumphs and Failures
The major gaps in legal education – where law school falls short
Bollywood’s Top Five Court Battles
Career Opportunities for Law Graduates in Intellectual Property Law
Rules regarding Issuance of Stock Option Plans
Laws You Need to Master to Become an Outstanding Media Lawyer
5 Areas Of Laws To Focus On For A Successful Law Career
How to tackle Cyber Bullying
4 Must Needed Skills For Getting A Pre-Placement Offer (PPO)
642 20
Special Status of Jammu & Kashmir
Abuse of Intellectual Property Rights
All You Need To Know About Writing For iPleaders Blog
How to update your Aadhaar Card Details
The Complete Compliance Checklist under the Factories Act, 1948
Media and Entertainment Law Diplomas In India
How to Teach Practical Aspects of Law for Career Success
Tax Exemptions Available to a Startup as per the Indian Taxation Laws
Article 29 and 30 of the Constitution of India
Upcoming laws that will further Empower Indian women
3 Skills Lawyers Have That The Rest Of The World Would Die For
Importance of Proofreading
Duties of an Unpaid Seller under Sale of Goods Act
The Legality of Felling more than 16000 Trees in Sarojini Nagar, Delhi
How To Make A Career In Media and Entertainment Law
Best legal research internships in India
Nature of Fourth Schedule of Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996
Abetment under the Indian Penal Code
Powers of The Prime Minister and The Cabinet
‘Fake News’ In The Era Of Modi and Trump
643 20
Best Intellectual Property Law Internships in India
Reopening of Partition in a Hindu Joint Family
Powers of Lieutenant Governor – Analysis of the Constitutional Provisions
How Bar Council’s elections are regulated
Why do Indian Manufacturers need to focus on Smart Supply Chain management & Logistics Solutions?
Key Highlights of Pesticides Management Bill, 2017
Settlement of Spousal property: A Brief Overview
What Are Your Rights If You’re Fired?
A Critical Analysis on the Abortion Laws in India
What action can you take if you see your neighbour engaging in domestic violence?
Railway Claims Tribunal – Claims and Refunds
Judicial Reforms Brought by Lord Cornwallis
Laws Punishing Cyber Stalking and Online Harassment
Law of Torts in India
Best corporate law internships in India
Lifting of Corporate Veil vis-à-vis the Determination of Enemy Character of a Company
Corporate Governance- What Do Shareholders Really Value?
Why Should Human Resources Personnel Know Labour Laws
7 Useful Tips on Setting up a Startup in India
History of Andhra Pradesh High Court
644 20
Regulating Act, 1773 and The Act of Settlement, 1781
Everything you need to know about an Asset Sale
Judicial Approach to Trademark Jurisdiction in online transactions
The Changing Arbitration landscape in India
Enrica Lexie Case – Italy v. India before the International Tribunal For The Law of The Sea
All you need to know about setting up of a Micro enterprise under the MSMED Act
Would You Like To Apply For The iPleaders Campus Ambassador Programme? Here Is Your Chance!
Enforceability of Shareholders Agreements
Right to Legal Aid – Sheela Barse vs Union of India Ors (AIR 1983 SC 378)
Can Bar Associations deny an advocate the right to legally represent an individual?
Importance of Free Consent under Contract Law
SFIO – A go-to Investigating Agency for White Collar Crimes
Form and contents of a Memorandum of Association as prescribed under Company Law
All you need to know about Section 8 Companies
8 Important Rights of Private Employees Under the Indian Labour Laws
Do You Aspire To Be A Successful In-House Counsel?
Doctrine of Indoor Management
Criminal Liability of Directors of a company under Companies Act 2013
The unexplored problems in the Aadhaar Act, 2016
People’s Union For Civil Liberty Vs Union Of India – Right to Food
645 20
Frequently Asked Questions on Non-Banking Financial Companies in India
Functioning of Debt Recovery Tribunals in India
How do venture capital and private equity deals work
Government of India Act, 1935
Difference between Coins and Tokens in reference to Cryptocurrency
Recent concerns over online courses at NUJS: Public Statement
Draft law of ‘Manav Suraksha Kanoon’ (MASUKA) – National Campaign Against Mob Lynching
5 Important Takeaways from Companies (Amendment) Act, 2017
Comparative Analysis of Data Use Policies of Different Applications
Must Needed Skill Sets and Knowledge for Lawyers In The Banking Sector
One Day Workshop on Criminal Litigation & Trial Advocacy @ Mohammad Abdul Bari Institute of Juridical Science – Register by July 31st, 2018
Voluntary Licensing of Patents in India – An analysis
Adultery As A Ground For Divorce Under Indian Laws
Cryptocurrency: Japan’s Approach
Understanding Court Martial
How court cases have become harassment for litigants in India
Penal powers under the SEBI Act
All you need to know about The Law Commission of India
Regulations on Cryptocurrencies in G7 Countries
All you need to know about renaming a City or State
646 20
Judicial reforms of Warren Hastings and the advent of Adalat System
Corporate Social Responsibility under Companies Act
3 Reasons Why Young Advocates Must Know How To Draft Contracts
How to Complain against a Lawyer to Bar Council of India and the State Bar Council
Initial Coin Offering- In which Jurisdiction is it legal?
Importance of mooting
Overview of Banking Ombudsman Scheme
A critical analysis of the judgment – Intex Technologies (India) Ltd. and ors. vs. AZ Tech (India) and ors. (2017(70)PTC118(Del))
Rajasthan Prevention of Mrityu Bhoj Act, 1960
Salient features of the Design Act, 2000
All you need to know about Administrative Law
How to Tackle Hate Speech – Laws In India
Regulation of Designated Stock Exchanges in India
Allahabad High Court – A Walk Through History
How to be an advocate
Fees and Time Involved in Incorporating a Private Limited Company
What is a Wagering Contract? Can it be enforced?
From humble beginnings – The Story of MNLU
Career Opportunities for Technology Lawyers
Non-filing of Annual Returns and Financial Statement to the Registrar of Companies – An Analysis
647 20
Voluntary Liquidation under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016
Inspection of Documents under SEBI Proceedings
All you need to know about Terms and Conditions in Technology contracts
Speculations around India’s own cryptocurrency Lakshmi
Justice Hans Raj Khanna – The only Judge who stood up against Indira Gandhi
How to file human rights violation complaint
Can a Company be the one-person in a One Person Company?
All you need to know about the Press Council of India
List of Chief Justices of Supreme Court of India
How does Alimony work under the Indian Laws
Penalties for Trademark Infringement
Corporate Governance in India
How to set up an open university in India
Regulation of Television Content in India
Personal Laws of Hindu and Muslim in India
All you need to know about Stock exchanges in India
Right to compensation under the Indian Labour Laws
Freedom of Press in a Democracy
Can a Private Company issue Securities?
A glimpse into the working of the Serious Fraud Investigation Office
648 20
Forfeiture of Shares and its effects – An Analysis
Can a director of one company be an employee of another company?
Laws to keep in mind while naming your company
Legal Compliances for Biodiversity related activities in India
Concept Of Res Judicata under the Civil Procedure Code
Blockchain and Lending Startups – Usage and possible Legal issues
Anti-Lynching Law in U.S
EU and Copyright Reforms – An analysis
Anticipatory bail: Should it be restricted in time?
Affray – Explanation of section 159 of the Indian Penal Code
How to Succeed by Burning Bridges and Putting All Eggs in the Same Basket
Right to work under the Indian Constitution
Keeping Up With the Changing Public Narratives
Understanding General Data Protection Rights (GDPR)
How can the existing CSR policy be improved
Public Offering under the Companies Act, 2013
Mooting
Can an Indian citizen borrow from a foreign national/ NRI?
Penalties prescribed under the Banking Regulation Act, 1949
All you need to know about Payday Loan
649 20
Oracle vs Google: A study in Copyright law
Possible Business Structures for Startups every Entrepreneur should know
Supreme Court Chamber Allotment Rules
Serendipity: how a chance encounter led to creation of India’s largest legal courses platform
Business Structuring of Amazon in India – An analysis
Can two operational creditors file for CIRP at the same time?
Right to Clean Environment – M.C Mehta vs Union of India
Impact of increased U.S. tariffs on imported washers, solar panels on the Indian Market
Regulation of units in Special Economic Zones in India – An Analysis
Guidelines on conducting Extraordinary General Meetings under Company Law
A Guide to the Startup India initiative by DIPP
IPR benefits from DIPP ‘Start-up India’ Program
The Repealing and Amending Act (Second) of 2017 – An analysis
Rights and Duties of Shareholders of a Company
The Minimum Wages Act, 1948 – A Critical Analysis
All you need to know about Customs and Excise benefits for people with Disabilities
Is India truly a Socialist state?
Relaxations Available To One Person Companies under the Companies Act
Analysis of laws regulating self-driving cars
Joint venture agreements in India: Analysis of recent issues and trends
650 20
How to Moot like a Champion
Time Period for Corporate Insolvency Resolution Process under IBC – An analysis
5 Key Clauses of an Apprenticeship Contract you must know
Role of Depositories in the Indian Economy
3 niche and upcoming fields of law that you can make a career in
All you need to know about NBFCs in India
Top 12 Reasons why Motor Insurance Claims are rejected
All you need to know about bidding on stressed assets under IBC
Judicial Interpretation of ‘Goods used for Commercial Purposes’ under COPRA
Estonia: The Paradise of Startups
What Do You Intern For? To Learn or To Perform?
11 Reasons Why Internship is Important for Law Students
How to draft a Lease Deed
Is the distinction between financial creditors (FC) and operational creditors (OC) under the IBC an intelligible distinction?
Role of SEBI in curbing Insider Trading in India – An Analysis
All you need to know about Human Rights Commission in India
How to conduct an Intellectual Property due diligence check
Demand Notice for unpaid operational debt under the IBC
Role and Effect of IRDA in the Insurance Sector
Can Hotels Stop Unmarried Couples From Booking A Room?
651 20
Registration of documents under the Registration Act, 1908
How to tackle workplace bullying legally
Everything you need to know about Phantom Stock Options
Oracle America, Inc. v. Google, Inc. – An Analysis
All you need to know about paying advance tax
Proceedings under the IBC and Limitation Act – An Analysis
Critical Analysis of Cyber Laws in India
All that A Law Student Needs To Know Before Undergoing A Litigation Internship
Legality of Bitcoin Mining in India
How to send a Legal Notice
Everything you need to know about Smart Contracts
How to hire a good Lawyer
Must Have Skill Sets For An In-House Counsel In The Media & Entertainment Industry
Conversion of an OPC into Public or Private Company
How to respond to a show cause notice issued on not filling of the GST returns
Condonation of Delay scheme 2018 – An Analysis
How to set up a Soap Manufacturing Plant
Doctrine of Ultra Vires under Company Law – What acts will be deemed as ultra vires?
White Label ATMs in India
Buyback of Shares by Companies – All you need to know
652 20
Concept of Plea Bargaining under the Indian laws
ESOP Guide for Startups
Can a hashtag be protected under Trademark law?
Legality of ethical hacking in India
All you need to know about Sweat Equity Shares
What happens in the case of death of a promoter of an OPC? 
Single Parent Adoption in India
UGC Rules Regarding Plagiarism by Indian Academicians
Obligations of Parties to Contract – A Theoretical Perspective
Article 12 of Indian Constitution – Definition of ‘State’
Legal Consequences when a Company fails to hold its Annual General Meeting within the Prescribed Time
All you need to know about the Jurisdiction of the NCLT & NCLAT
Is it legal to copy business model or business idea of another company?
Critical Analysis of Section 138 of Negotiable Instruments Act, 1881
10 Banking Transactions Every Banking Lawyer Should Know About
When is a Company said to be an Associate Company?
Grounds for challenging the Appointment of an Arbitrator
Malicious Prosecution under Law of Tort
General Data Protection Regulation and its Compliance by Indian Companies
How to appoint a new director in the case of death of an existing director?
653 20
Deficiency of Service in the Railways sector in India
US Immigration Law – What is Conditional Green Card?
Legal Rights of Transgender under The Indian Law
Third Party Litigation Funding in India
Can you amend the clauses of a tender floated by the Government after selection of the final bidder?
Significance of claiming ‘User Date’ in Trademark Registration
4th GNLU Moot on Securities and Investment Law 2018 [September 6-9, 2018], Register by July 16, 2018
Can Foreign Architects practice in India?
How is Law as a career in India
How to register a project with RERA – Step by Step Guide
Make In India – Critical Analysis of Defence Manufacturing In India
Legality of accessing Dark Web from India
Information to be stated in the Prospectus of a Company
Role of the Registrar of Companies in the Incorporation Process
Admissibility of summons through Whatsapp in Legal Proceedings
M&A Negotiation Lessons Learnt From Harvey Specter!
Can a case be filed under RERA tribunal as well as consumer forum simultaneously?
6 Possible Errors (UG) and 8 Possible Errors (PG) – CLAT 2018
Can a private company make a public issue?
Four Fundamentals Of Drafting The Winning Brief
654 20
Can a company run without a director?
Legal Framework regulating the Banking sector in India
Dematerialization of Shares in India
How can a Private Limited Company raise finance?
Right to fair hearing under the Indian Constitution
What to do if a contract is not proving to be beneficial for you?
The Ignored Struggle: Women in Indian Society
How to buy an immovable property at Auction
Call For Papers – Indian Law Conclave @JLU Bhopal, 29 June – 1 July, 2018 – Submit by May 31
Why do lawyers need Professional Liability Insurance?
Doctrine of Legitimate Expectations under the Administrative Law
How to choose the right internship
How to write a Copyright Infringement Notice
Anmol Malhotra: B.A. LLB. (Hons.) – Speaks on how Advanced Certification in Cyber Law Practice, Information Technology and Media Law course was useful for him
Contribution of Law Students in the Legal Profession
All you need to know about the services undertaken by NABARD
Can News Headlines Be Copyrighted?
Indian Drone Policy And Regulations – The way forward
Which States have benefited the most from introduction of GST?
Directors’ liability in cheque bouncing matters
655 20
AIBE 2018 – Basics and One Month Preparation Strategy
Indian Law Conclave 2018 @ Jagran Lake City University, Bhopal [June 29-July 1] – Register by May 20
Competition in the Electricity and Energy Sector in India – Are ‘Brighter’ Times Ahead?
How law students contribute to the legal profession
All you need to know about Co-operative Banking System in India
Role of directors in the Liquidation process
Startup India – How to get Inter-Ministerial Board (IMB) certification for availing tax related benefits
Right of minorities to set up and govern their own Educational institution
Different Types of Writs and Writ Jurisdiction of High Courts
Directive Principles Of State Policy (DPSP) under the Indian Constitution
Freedom of Religion under the Indian Constitution
How a Law Student Can Overcome the Fear of Public Speaking
Powers and Functions of Registrar of Companies
Can You Sue An Educational Institution Under Consumer Protection Act?
Pendency of Proceedings Under COPRA vis-à-vis Initiation of Insolvency Resolution Process under IBC
SEBI’s Guidelines on Unpublished Price Sensitive Information
Key Areas And Components of CSR Reporting
Corporate Governance of Subsidiaries – Emerging Practices
Enforceability of Oral Agreement under the Indian Law
Does India Need To Emulate East Asian Development Models Under Modi’s Act East Policy?
656 20
How to Use Contract Management and Software For Legal Risk Mitigation
Scope And Career Opportunities in Competition Law
The Most Suitable Business Structure For Setting Up An Educational Institution in India
Top 4 Career Options After Graduating From Law School And How To Go About It
Is tax avoidance legal in India?
Key Difference Between Joint Venture and Strategic Investment
How to register your startup with DIPP
IPR laws applicable to fashion industry in India
All That You Need To Know About Real Estate Regulation Act 2016
“Comparative Advertisement vis-a-vis the Trade Marks Act” – A Consumer-Manufacturer Dilemma
A Complete Guide to M&A in the Telecom Sector
Registration of Motion Mark as Trademark
Cost of Filing Divorce Petition in India
Key Provisions of a Shareholders’ Agreement
How to claim damages for illegal termination of works contract
A synopsis of Issues and Suggestion on Section 146 of the Patents Act, 1970 suggested by Various Stakeholders to IPO
Can an employee be promoted when an enquiry is pending against him?
Trademark issues related to Internet Domain Names
How can a foreign company have a fully owned subsidiary in India
What impact the recent Right to Privacy judgment will have on existing law?
657 20
An Analytal Study of Juvenile Justice System in India
Talent deficit and career opportunities in transfer pricing practice
Tax Provisions every entrepreneur in India must know about
How To Start Taxi Business In India
Regulation of Combinations under the Competition Law
Laws relating to debt resolution in India
How To Proceed When Founders Decide To Split Up
Venture Capital Financing in India
Director Disqualification and Condonation of Delay Scheme
Case Analysis – Tukaram and Another v. State of Maharashtra (Mathura Rape Case)
Open Prison as a part of Jail Reforms in India
Are Non-Disclosure Agreements Becoming Useless? How To Make Effective Non-Disclosure Agreements?
How to choose the Right Business Structure for Foreign Companies Entering India
Issuance And Operation Of Prepaid Payment Instruments In India
How and Why to Make a Disclosure Schedule in M&A Transactions
Foreign Direct Investment in E-Commerce Sector in India
Cattle Slaughter Ban in India
How To Get Foreign Funding For NGOs Under FCRA?
2nd ANNUAL CONSTITUTIONAL LAW AND POLICY REFORM DEBATE COMPETITION
Significance & Importance of ‘Statement of Working’ for Patenting System in India
658 20
Prohibition of Fraudulent and Unfair Trade Practices relating to Securities Market
Good Fellowships With Great Stipend
How the Legal System Tackles Cyber Terrorism
5 Tax Benefits that every entrepreneur should know under Startup India
All you need to know about Deposit Insurance and Credit Guarantee Corporation (DICGC)
Ten Most Common Legal Mistakes Made by Startups And How To Avoid These Mistakes
3 Biggest Challenges Entreprenuers Face And What Can They Do About It!
5 Tips To Crack The Big Law Firm Interview
Most common legal risks a business might face and how to avoid them
Risks and consequences of fraud for directors: Lessons from Nirav Modi incident
Responsibilities of directors during insolvency resolution process / the twilight period under I&B Code
Why there is hue and cry over the recent SC/ST Act judgment?
How to vet a contract
Most important clauses in a Confidentiality Agreement
6 Tips To Help You Ace Moot Court Competitions
Importance of Green Bonds in the Indian Economy
Is the period of court stay excluded for reckoning five years for lapsing of land acquisition under the new law?
Tax Exemptions For Startups In India
Top 5 StartUp Challenges and Government Policies to Overcome Them
Legal Issues in 3D Printing and Product Liability
659 20
Legal framework regulating Equity Financing in India
3 Factors You Cannot Ignore Before Deciding Your Business Model
The Development Of Common Law In England – From 1066 to the 19th Century
What to Do If Your Business Terribly Fails
Conversion of a Public Company into a Private Company
5 Things About Environment Law Compliance For Business In India No One Told You About
Sample Legal Aptitude Questions For CLAT : Practice and Prepare
Increasing Scope In The FinTech Landscape Of India
Analysis of Business Structure of Uber
Arbitrating Smart Contract disputes
Startup Failures in 2017 and What Can We Learn From Them
Top 13 Judgements on Article 21: “Right to Life and Personal Liberty”
Legal framework regulating Municipal Solid Waste Management in India
How Not To Prepare For CLAT : 5 Weeks & 5 Mistakes To Work On
Sexual Harassment in the Hotel Industry and What Can You Do About It
3 Challenges Lawyers Face In Their Day To Day Jobs And What Can They Do About It
Difference between Listed and Unlisted Company
Alteration of Share Capital under Companies Act, 2013
Essential Legal Contracts For Your Startup: Can You Draft Them On Your Own?
How to manage your studies and co-curricular activities inside the law school
660 20
3 Skills To Increase Your Chances Of Getting To A Yes
Rights of Insiders to Trade in the Stocks of their Company
Key Highlights of ICC Rules of Arbitration
Prerna Bhargava: On how BarHacker Course from Lawsikho helped her cracking AIBE (All India Bar Examination)
What to do if your employer refuses to pay gratuity?
Who can apply for Trademark? Company or its promoter?
How a Debt Consolidation Loan Can Save Your Startup Business from Going Bankrupt
Junior Advocate or a Munshi under the garb!
4 Basics Of Turning Your Passion Into An Online Business
4 Foreign Businesses That Failed In India And Lessons To Be Learnt From Them
Does stamp paper expire? What is the validity of agreements on old stamp paper?
How to crack Gujarat Judicial Services in the first attempt: Decoding the uncrackable exam
3 Challenges You Face While Running A Family Business And What Can You Do About It
4 Things To Keep In Mind While Setting Up Your Own Law Firm
A Day In A Lawyer’s Life : Through The Eyes Of An Intern
Power of police to detain and arrest people under Section 107 and 151 of Code of Criminal Procedure
Understanding Equity Compensation under Companies Act
What are possible red flags during a legal due diligence exercise?
Property Rights of Investors in Dubai
Joint Venture Agreement: Key Considerations
661 20
Opportunities In The Multi-Billion Dollar Gambling Industry In India
Impact of Environmental Law on Corporate Governance
Termination of Employment Contracts- What are the rights available with an employee Post Termination
Funding options to raise capital for your business
Is flying drones in India legal?
13 Laws That Every HR Manager Should Learn And Useful Resources
Family Businessmen Who Took Their Companies To New Heights
5 landmark NGT judgments that created history
How to report a Ponzi Scheme
What Can Lawyers Learn From Wolves?
Opportunities For Lawyers After The Implementation of GST
Aakritee Raj; 4th year student in New Law College, Bharati Vidyapeeth Deemed University (BVDU), Pune, on her experience of being a business law fellow with iPleaders
How Trademark Registration is advantageous to your Business
How to make HUF DEED (along with format)
All You Need to Know About Execution of Power of Attorney
What Can You Do If You Are Sexually Harassed On A Business Trip Abroad?
Is It Okay To Buy A Cheap Online Course? The Give And Take Economics of Online Courses!
Right to Recall – Can the Indian electorates remove an elected official from office through a direct vote before their term ends?
Impact of GST on startups in India
Can evidence be recorded in legal cases through video conferencing?
662 20
Why your Startup should be an LLP
Should You Opt For An Alternate Career After Law?
All you need to know about Business Visa issued by India
Is Media Law A Viable Career Option?
How To Choose Your Legal Internships – Do You Have A Choice?
Arbitration in landlord and tenant disputes
A Critical Analysis of Muslim Marriage Law Bill, 2017
Curative Petition – Inherent Jurisdiction of the Supreme Court
What Can You Do To Land A Job As An In-House Counsel At An MNC?
Is it compulsory to file logo with Trademark Application?
Decoding the Concept of kharab land in Karnataka
Should you take a job in the compliance team of a multinational company?
How to create a professional Resume
How To Crack A Corporate Interview Right After Graduation
Which Are The Litigation Law Firms And Senior Advocates In Delhi That Pay The Most?
Can a Company issue debentures carrying voting rights?
Who is an investor in a company?
Constitutionality of Section 5B of the Indian Cinematograph Act, 1952
Bombay High Court first time exercising powers conferred under section 340 of Cr. P.C. punishes Husband for making false statement in Affidavit under section 195 of Indian penal Code
Call for Papers: National Seminar on Emerging Issues Relating to Environmental Laws @ ICFAI Law School, Dehradun [Mar 30-31]: Submit by March 15
663 20
Top 10 Corporate Law Moots in India
Status of Property of a Partnership Firm Post Dissolution
Earning while you are learning the law – Why I advice law students to work part time
How to clear Rajasthan Judicial Services Examination
A brief history of the Tata Group
Intense Networking Strategies Law Students Use
Need for stronger regulations in the automated and electronic trading market in India
How to make your idea work
How long does it take for tax refunds to be credited back?
All you need to know about Interim Dividend
Concept of Adaptation – How Adaptation is different from copying
Laws Governing Comparative Advertisements in India
LawSikho’s Workshop on Joint Venture Contracts on March 17th, 2018 at Delhi; Register By 15th March
Sheetal Aarey, 4th year Symbiosis student, on her experience of doing commercial contract drafting and negotiation course from LawSikho.com
Revised Framework on Resolution of Stressed Assets dated February 12, 2018 of Reserve Bank of India
Call for Applications – Writing For A Change – Online internship-cum-certification programme
Analyzing the aspect of Further Issue of Share Capital under the Companies Act
Corporate Social Responsibility and Corporate Citizenship – Analyzing the difference
How to make the best use of Right to Information
Do lawyers make bad managers?
664 20
An overview of parliamentary motions
What makes a great lawyer?
Prasar Bharati (Broadcasting Corporation of India) Act, 1990 – An overview
Judicial Stand on rape and gang rape – How the quantum of punishment is decided
How Would You Define Success?
Does RERA bar the original jurisdiction of NCDRC?
Promoting Institutional ADR to make India a hub of arbitration
How to set up a microfinance company
What are format rights? Are these rights enforceable in India?
8 Legal Compliances You Cannot Miss Out On If You Are A Startup
All You Need To Know About CLAT 2018
Supreme Court Advocates on Record Association Vs. Union of India – Case Analysis
Copy Right Issues in the Media Industry
Sundar Athreya: Final year LLB student from Sastra University speaks on how Certificate Course in International Taxation and Transfer Pricing from NUJS is helping him
Where to file execution petition after arbitral award? Analysis of Sundaram Finance Ltd. v. Abdul Samad
Advance PF withdrawal – Step by Step guide
How to adopt a child from parents who are willing to give their child for adoption
BACKDOOR LISTING: AN ALTERNATIVE METHOD OF GETTING LISTED
Copyright Registration of Photographs
Inspection of family members under money laundering act
665 20
Ritwick Shrivastav: An Associate Advocate at Delhi High Court shares his experience on Certificate Course in Criminal Litigation and Trial Advocacy from NUJS
Bal Krishan Raj: A BA LLB Final year student speaks on how Certificate Course in Criminal Litigation and Trial Advocacy from NUJS has helped him
Rehabilitation Schemes for Naxalites
Government Scheme of Shelters for Homeless
How to report instances of racial discrimination
How to report illegal construction of buildings
Job Opportunities for law students after Graduation
Classification of cases entertained by the Supreme Court
Delhi sealing drive – All you need to know
4 Things About Interning At A Big Law Firm No One Told You About
Maldives Crisis – Explanation from the perspective of International law
Corporate National Pension Scheme
Professional Misconduct by Chartered Accountants
Can workmen be deemed as an Employee of the Principal Employer where there is no Registration or License under the CLRA Act in India?
Is online selling of sex toys illegal in India?
Living Will in cases of Passive Euthanasia
Law of Sedition in India
How to file your complaint and grievance before the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Board of India
Hindu Women’s right in ancestral property
Parliamentary Privileges and Immunities
666 20
Surrogacy and its Legal Implication
Supreme Court Advocate On Record (AOR) Examination
How to tackle professional troubles in your law career
Best business structure for incorporating your E-Commerce Business
Why is my internship application getting rejected and what can I do about it?
Pushpa Kurup: Managing Director of Vitalect Technologies India (P) Ltd. Speaks on how Executive Certification in Sexual Harassment Prevention & Workplace Diversity course from NUJS helped her
Right to strike under Industrial Dispute Act, 1947
Chief Justice of India – Master of the Roster
Role of the ICJ in the Kulbhushan Jadav Case
Delhi-NCR GRAP (Graded Response Action Plan)
Ayush Gupta: BA.LLB. 3rd year student shares his experience on how Certificate Course in International Taxation and Transfer Pricing from NUJS is helping him
Satyam Case – Role of SEBI and SAT in the matter
All you need to know about Summary Suit
Arbitration, Mediation and Conciliation in India
Dr. Ruma Basu Gomes: Behavioural Scientist, NLP Practitioner and MBTI and Firo-B Practitioner, Chairperson, and ISTD share her experience on Executive Certification in Sexual Harassment Prevention & Workplace Diversity
Enforceability of a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU)
Commercial Disparagement Laws in India
The Impact of the Privacy Judgement on Law regarding Homosexuality in India (Section 377)
How to do court marriage in India
A Guide to Understanding Legal Review of Residential Projects
667 20
Workshop in Kolkata on How to Get Your Dream Job
Can arbitration solve competition law disputes?
Regulation for Professional Misconduct by Doctors
Can a lawyer hold on to my court documents or papers demanding to be paid more?
Meenakshy Natesan: Lawyer at J. Sagar Associates, on her experience with Diploma Course from NUJS
Shefali Kone: LL.M Student from O.P. Jindal Global University speaks on how Diploma course from NUJS helped her
Kanika Agarwal: A Final year LLB student speaks on how NUJS Diploma has helped her
Important changes in Labour Law that happened in 2017
Jahnavi Murthy: Law Student at ILS Law College, Pune, speaks on how Diploma Course from NUJS is giving her way to stand out in the crowd.
Legality of Private Detective Agencies in India
Overview of Indian Institute of Management Bill, 2017
Harshit Kedawat: Legal Intern at HT Media Ltd on his experience on Advanced Certification in Cyber Law Practise, Information Technology and Social Media Law
Legal action to take when your spouse is cheating on you
Mohammad Adi Alvi: A BA LLB final year student from IMS Law College, Noida speaks on how Diploma course from NUJS is helping him
What do you think of the budget? Why do micro-entrepreneurs continue to be invisible?
Roshni Patel: Legal Intern at Kaushal Shah & Associates speaks on how Diploma Course from NUJS helped her.
Jubair Bhati: Student of Law at Raffles University speaks on how Diploma from NUJS helped him
Shruti Patwardhan: Sr. Manager, Legal at Famy Care Limited speaks on how Diploma Course from NUJS helped her
11 Statements by Shyam Divan on Aadhaar Case That Can Change The Way You Think
Raka Paul: Associate at LawNK speaks on how Diploma Course from NUJS has broadened her perspective in Business Laws
668 20
Important Supreme Court Cases on Maintenance Rights
Bhargav K.S. – A 2nd year LLB student speaks on how NUJS Diploma Course was of great help for him
Rakesh Sharma: Managing Director of Dhanam Financial Services speaks on how NUJS Diploma course helped him
5 Examples of Judicial Overreach
How can you help your family business to go to the next level of growth
Whose permission do you need?
Karuna Baskar: Director at ResilienceWorks speaks on how Diploma Course from NUJS was helpful for her
Computer Related Inventions (CRIs) – Guidelines for the examination of patent applications in the field of CRIs by the Indian Patent Office
Ram Maroo: A Student of LLB in Criminal Justice/Law Enforcement Administration from O. P. Jindal Global University speaks on how NUJS Diploma Course is helping him
Helping your startup friend with legal compliances? You better know these things
Ms. Arpita Bhatt: Associate at M. V. Kini Law Firm on her experience with NUJS Diploma Course
Ankit Suri: Associate – LawNK, Sports Lawyer speaks on how NUJS diploma course helped him
Gitanjali Balakrishnan: Legal Intern at B & K Law Office speaks on how NUJS Diploma course is helping her
Financial Projection for Law Firms
How a court case affects your job profile and career
Legal Framework Regulating Environmental Clearances For Industrial And Infrastructural Projects In India
How can I learn how to perform a due diligence
Royalty Payment Outflows From India
Choosing the right business structure for business ideas with low investment
Aadhaar Case Update – All that you need to know Day 4
669 20
Sexual Harassment: 5 Landmark Judgments by Supreme court of India
How to Incorporate a company – Recently proposed changes by The Ministry of Corporate Affairs
8 Most Common Legal Issues You Need to Protect Your Startup From
Aadhaar Case Update – All you need to know about Aadhaar Proceedings in the Supreme Court on Day 3
Adesh Kumar Sharma: An Advocate and Consultant by profession shares his opinion on NUJS Diploma Course on how it helped him in gaining knowledge on Business Law
Conviction rate of Rioters in India
Nehal Nikhil Wagle: A first year LLM student of Mumbai University speaks on how NUJS Diploma Course helped her
Organisational setup and functions of Enforcement Directorate
Dos and Don’ts in a cheque bounce case
Legal issues around public display of affection
How to get your lost mobile phone back – Legal steps to follow
SC Judges’ Press Conference – The Tussle within the Judicial System
PRAFUL PREMJI GALA – Manager of IP & Legal Affairs, INVICTUS ONCOLOGY PVT. LTD. with 33 years of experience on his experience with Diploma with NUJS
Ratnamala Hedge – An Associate Member of the Institute of Company Secretaries of India speaks on how Diploma course from NUJS helped her
How to report electricity theft
Job Hunting as a Lawyer – Top Challenges
Divorce in Islam – An explanation from Islamic Jurisprudence
Col. Rajesh Tandon: AAG (LEGAL), Indian Army speaks on how Diploma course from NUJS has helped him to learn something new
Aditya Kalsi – Speaks on his experience on Certification Course in Criminal Law, Litigation and Trial Advocacy
Transition from SICA to IBC – Historical Analysis
670 20
Aadhaar Case Update Day 2 – Series of contentions
Lawyers Connect Fair 2018, Pune – Making legal remedy easy, accessible and transparent
Multinational enterprises and tax administrations
How derivatives are regulated in India
Aadhaar Case Update – All you need to know about Aadhaar Proceedings in the Supreme Court on Day 1
How to register Private Limited company in 4 easy steps
5 unconventional roles you can take up after getting a law degree
I want equal rights and justice!
C.A. Harsh Patel : Founder & Chairman, Water and Shark Group expresses his opinion on Certification of International Taxation and Transfer Pricing
Vikram Bhalla: A Banking Professional with 18 years of experience in Banking and Entrepreneurship. Worked with various private sector banks for a period of over 15 years shares his experience on NUJS Diploma course
Debobrata Rakshit: Working as a Head, Administration, Narayana Multispecialty Hospital on why he enrolled for the NUJS Diploma Course
Jacob Pratap, a Retired Deputy Labour Commissioner at Punjab Government with 25 years’ experience in Government, speaks on how ‘Sexual Harassment Prevention and Work Place Diversity’ course is helping him
How to set-up a Multi-State Cooperative Society
Deepthi : Legal Associate at Swetcha Legal Associates, on how the NUJS Diploma course helped her
Case Study of Ericsson’s dispute with Indian Mobile Manufacturers
Workshops on Debt Finance, Negotiation in Dispute Situations and Technology Agreements in iPleaders Delhi Office
What should a Chief Information Officer know about contract negotiations?
Religious Conversion and freedom of religion
How to read Court Judgments quickly and efficiently
Examination of witness under section 164 of Code of Criminal Procedure
671 20
Legal steps to take if a false FIR is filed against you
Internship Opportunity @ iPleaders, New Delhi [February]: Stipend Up To Rs. 5000
Impact of criminal conviction on the ability to be a partner of an LLP
Role of shell companies in corporate restructuring
Legal Position of Cybersquatting in India
Legal Steps to take if your landlord is harassing You
Recent changes in The Insolvency And Bankruptcy Code
Is Right to Die a Fundamental Right in India?
Rajesh Sharma v State of UP – Case analysis on Dowry Death and Section 498A of the Indian Penal Code
1st M.A.B.I.J.S International Essay Competition 2018 – Register by Feb 26, Submit by March 20
Unsoundness of Mind in Contract
Last chance to rectify Director’s disqualification status
Opportunities for Lawyers before IPAB
Facilities provided by the Copyright Office and how to access them
Are Fundamental Rights unconditional?
Right to residence in Matrimonial Home
Petty acts which are punishable offences
Medical Devices Rules, 2017 – Key Highlights
Legal Compliance for setting up a Tea Garden
Current status of Triple Talaq – Resolving the doubts and queries
672 20
What is your definition of success?
What to do if you do not have money to contest a divorce case?
Laws you must know to handle police harassment in India
What to do if your employer refuses to pay gratuity?
Biases of Adultery laws in India
Right To Maintenance Of Muslim Women
Legal consequences of overstaying in India
Prior Art Search for Pre Grant Opposition Proceedings in Patents
Standard Essential Patents and FRAND Litigation
How to Draft Patent Claims Effectively
What is Superstar Effect and how should you use it to your advantage when you prepare for getting Scholarships for Higher Education?
How can I become an independent director in India?
How to network with co-interns and lawyers when you are interning
Frozen bank account – How to unfreeze your bank account
Borrowing and lending money by NRIs to residents of India and Indian companies
Parental child abduction – Laws in India
How can you specialise as a lawyer by building expertise and credibility in an area of law?
How Does The Mediation Process Work – Steps and Procedure
Conviction and right to contest election
Laws regulating School and College Fees
673 20
How to get corporate law internships and perform like a SUPERSTAR
Top Ten cases on Consumer Disputes
Call for Papers: National Seminar on Emerging Issues Relating to Environmental Laws @ ICFAI Law School, Dehradun [Mar 30-31]: Submit by March 15
Employment Visa for India – Rules and Procedure
Corporate Governance and Shareholder Activism
Steps to start a startup
Can you make a career as an expert on sexual harassment compliance and redressal in India?
Ensuring consumer awareness this Christmas
Detection and Impounding of Counterfeit Notes
How to Extract Information of a Listed Company
What is the punishment for possession of marijuana?
Guidelines on compensation for motor accident claims
Confidentiality in Mediation – How Confidential are Mediation Proceedings?
Causing death by negligence
The Distinction Between Direct and Circumstantial Evidence
What are the laws related to social boycott in India?
The applicability of Limitation Act to proceedings under the Insolvency And Bankruptcy Code, 2016
How to convert Compulsorily Debentures into equity shares
What to do when a bike or car is seized by the police after an accident?
RERA – It’s Implementation and Impact on States
674 20
Laws to help you tackle threat calls
How companies are spending on CSR activities
Blasphemy Laws In India
What is Agriculture Income: Its Types and its Taxability
Is it possible to make a joint will with another person?
Know the procedure for Adding/Removing of Partner in LLP
What are the visitation rights for divorcees in India?
How to file a Public Interest Litigation (PIL)
Important clauses in a ‘Terms of Service’ Agreement for E-Commerce Websites
Does the Indian regulatory framework resolves the credibility crisis in the Indian Media?
Important things to decide before you go for an LLM abroad
Accountability of celebrities for endorsing false claims in an advertisement
Laws against giving and taking bribe in India
Internship Opportunity @ iPleaders, New Delhi [Stipend Upto INR 5000] – [December – January, 2018] – Apply by December 23
How to make a career in CSR
Association of Mutual Funds in India (AMFI) – Key Highlights
Appointment of Independent Directors in a Listed Company
Can I use a part of my house for commercial purpose?
What is forensic audit and how are they done?
How to avail benefits under the Kisan Credit Card Scheme
675 20
Most Common Income Tax penalties in India
Can Prenatal Diagnostic technique be used legally?
Critical Analysis of Goods and Service Tax
Judges taking over executive power violates the principle of separation of powers
Where to lodge a complaint if your social media account gets hacked?
How to file a complaint against Media Misreporting
Acquittal and Honorable acquittal
What to do after receiving a notice of demolition of house by DDA
Ten biggest tax havens and whether Indians can benefit from them
Legal Actions to Take against a Doctor For Wrong Treatment
Analysis of pendency of cases in Supreme Court
How to report incidents of drug trafficking in your neighborhood
How does the Indian Parliament function
Approach of Family Court in settling Matrimonial Disputes
How to file a missing person report
Legal consequences of denying conjugal rights to your spouse
Pet Shop – Licensing and Registration Norms
Opening a Grocery Store – Legal compliances to follow
How to start a taxi business in India
Hadiya Case – Key highlights
676 20
Form 32 of the Companies Act and its use in determining offences under the Negotiable Instruments Act
Replying to the Trademark Examination Report
Should Mutual Funds be allowed to do Cryptocurrency trading?
Corporate Governance in State-owned enterprises
Calculation of damages in Engineering, Procurement and Construction contracts in India
Dr. (Smt.) Nupur Talwar vs State Of U.P. And Anr (Aarushi Murder Case) – Case analysis
Tax on gains from selling cryptocurrency in India
How to get MUDRA Loan under the Pradhan Mantri Mudra Yojana‎
Racial discrimination in India – Where can you file a complaint?
How to file Racial Discrimination complaints if you are an Indian living abroad
NSDC funding guidelines for NGOs
How to enter into a good law firm
Recording the Statement of Rape Victim Under Section 164(5A) of CrPC
Legal consequences of filing PIL for publicity
Public Private Partnership and CSR in India
Why is it so hard for a fresher to get a job?
The wait is finally over – Lawtoons has arrived!
Inadequate number of High Court Benches – Major factor delaying justice
How to complaint against illegal hoarding of onions by traders
International Maritime Organisation & Its Importance
677 20
Five Leaders Of Silicon Valley Who Excelled at Contract Negotiation
Place of Effective Management (POEM Guidelines)
Five common pitfalls that managers suffer while negotiating contracts
Replying to Patent First Examination Report
Bitcoin as a legal Currency. Will it ever be a reality?
What are the penalties for non-compliance with different provisions of RERA?
How Right to Privacy impacts Aadhaar
Set up Special Courts to try Politicians in criminal cases – SC Directs Centre
How to Claim Compensation under Third Party Motor Insurance
Oil leaks in the sea and environmental damage – Indian laws that are relevant
Career opportunities for law graduates in journalism
How to obtain international Patent protection
Implications of the expiry of Amazon’s OneClick patent for e-commerce industry
First to File and First to Invent Rules
Applicability of consumer protection laws in online transactions
How to become a law professor in India
How should a law student prepare for UPSC civil services examination
Startup India – Proposed Schemes and Incentives
How to get a license to set up a liquor store in Noida
Should I be a corporate lawyer or a litigator?
678 20
Buying a Yacht in India – Legal clearances and Tax considerations to keep in mind
What are the documents required for getting an SME loan from the bank?
How to get a license to set up a liquor store in Gurugram
When can MCD tow your vehicle and how can you release it?
How to stop illegal sand mining
Transfer Pricing Disputes in Offshore Jurisdictions
How effective is legal aid service in India
CVC guidelines with respect to government contracts
How to complaint against illegal construction to MCD and get the property sealed
Why it is a terrible idea to not address and resolve problems of your upset customers if you are in a law practice
Should the Court ban crackers permanently in Delhi?
How to get a license to set up a liquor store in Mumbai
How to get a license to set up a liquor store in Delhi
Difference between criminal and civil negligence
How to file a Provisional Patent Specification in India
Dormant Company under the Companies Act, 2013
Can arbitration clauses prevent consumers from approaching Consumer Courts?
What happens when an IPO is oversubscribed?
Corporate Governance and Social Responsibility – A comparative analysis of India, the United Kingdom and the United States
Legal precautions to take while advertising your business
679 20
Liabilities of directors after dissolution of a company
Jurisdiction of Indian Courts on International Commercial Arbitration
Limitation of Liability Clauses in contracts
How can a foreign company access Indian securities market to raise funds
Legal framework and procedure for establishing a foreign company in India
Arguments against Uniform Civil Code
Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016 – Key Highlights
How to crack your first job interview
All you need to know about child custody rights
Scope of Section 8 of the Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996. To refer or not to refer?
Contract Unconscionability in India
Inland Letter of Credit – How does a Letter of Credit works
Negotiate like a leader – How to negotiate effective deals
Benefits of notarizing a document
How technology is changing the practice of Law
Best Alternative to a Negotiated Agreement (BATNA)
An Analysis of Bad Debt Crisis in India
Claiming tax benefits under DTAA
Rohingya crisis – deciphering the legal perplexities
Does rewriting or sharing news articles amounts to violation of Copyright law? A Constitutional Perspective
680 20
Legal framework and regulations governing Nidhi Companies
Whether SEBI should have the power to penalise Auditors?
Enforcement of Foreign Judgments And Decrees In India
Rights of minority shareholders under Companies Act, 2013
Impact of GST on Information Technology Sector
Foreign Trade (Development and Regulation) Act, 1992
Corporate Governance in family owned Companies
Corporate Governance & Mismanagement
Top Ten tips on Effective Negotiation of Contracts
Valuation of Trademarks – How do I know what my trademark is worth
A comparative analysis of winding up of a company – Companies Act, 1956, Companies Act, 2013 and the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016
The Insolvency And Bankruptcy Process In India
National Intellectual Property Rights (IPR) Policy 2016
Dishonour of a negotiable instrument – Legal steps to take
Right To Freedom Of Religion under the Indian Constitution
Ten most important law subjects taught in law schools
Legal Framework on Illegal Refuge Infiltration
Guidelines for Surrender-cum-Rehabilitation of Naxalites in the Naxal affected States
Punishment for Publishing or Transmitting Obscene Material in Electronic Form
On what grounds can a hospital return a patient?
681 20
Use of Machines in Arbitration – Are We Ready?
What can contractors do when faced with a one sided arbitration clause
Analysis of Arbitration procedures and practices in India
Sports Arbitration in India
Is it Illegal to make beer or wine at home for personal consumption?
Compulsory Licensing of Patents in India
Rules Governing Removal of Independent Directors and the Need for Reform
How should we regulate the auditors in India
All you need to know about Clubbing of petitions
Anti-Money Laundering Laws in India
Legal consequences of non-performance of a contract
All you need to know about contempt of court
Legal arguments in favour & against surrogacy
Do real estate brokers need to register themselves in India?
Punishment for publishing or transmitting obscene material in electronic form
iPleaders announces a 4-month business law fellowship for final year law students (On a Rolling Basis) – Work remotely, stipend: INR 5000 per month
Mental Illness Awareness in the Organization
Key features of Employment Contracts
How I Used Facebook To Find My Startup Co-Founder
5 biggest Indian IPOs of 2017 so far
682 20
Comparative analysis of Insolvency Laws – India and The United Kingdom
iPleaders is looking for a skilled PHP developer for Kolkata office
Infringement and Passing Off of Trademark in India
Critical analysis of Permanent Lok Adalats
How to draft breach of contract notice efficiently
Legal Framework for taxation of pensions in India
What kind of dispute resolution mechanism should be incorporated in Shareholders’ Agreement and Co-founder Agreement?
Double Taxation Avoidance Agreements and its impact on doing business in a specific country
Celebrity Endorsement in the Consumer Protection Bill
Strategies and Techniques for using principles of torts in practical life situations
Top research centres in Delhi for a law student to intern in
Corporate Governance under the Companies Act, 2013
Challenges and shortcomings of GST in India
Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code – Challenges and Shortcomings
Legal arguments against the concept of CSR
Legal regulations needed in India over ICO
All you need to know about Right to Privacy
Abortion Law – Policy and Legal framework in India
Legal framework against Marital Rape in India
Can a real-estate agent advertise for under-construction projects when its application is pending? Does he need a registration under RERA for dealing in secondary markets?  
683 20
Amendments to section 4 of the Payment of Gratuity Act
Acid attack sentencing and legislation in India
Call for Papers – Journal of Sports Law, Policy and Governance, NLUJA, Assam – Rolling Submissions accepted till December 10, 2017
How can Indians invest in US Stocks and Securities
Code of ethics and conduct for advocates
Financial Creditors vs. Operational Creditors – Who is better off and why?
Are open source licenses recognized under Indian Copyright Law? Explore the best open source license for your business.
Problems with Socio-Legal Research in India – No Inter-disciplinary Interaction
Legal Framework and Regulations On Wilful Defaulters
What makes a successful lawyer?
Legal framework and regulations protecting the rights of minorities and socially disadvantageous sections like Dalits, women, and tribals
5 reasons to participate in the Contract Drafting Workshop this weekend at iPleaders New Delhi Office [LAST OPPORTUNITY TO REGISTER]
Implications of the Medical Devices Rules, 2017 on Industry Practices
Third party funding in International Arbitration
How important is it to moot in a law school from the perspective of CV
Location based tax incentives for SEZs
Legal issues in conducting clinical trials in India
Impact of Panama papers on Indian Market
Should ICO’s be subjected to securities law in India?
How to avail benefits under the Make in India policy
684 20
Is it hard to clear CLAT being a science student?
Laws Protecting children against sexual exploitation and abuse
Whistleblowing Policy in India
Delays & corruption in Judicial system – Remedial Measures
Foreign Direct Investment in Limited Liability Partnership
Related Party transactions under the Companies Act, 2013
Lessons on environmental sustainability that every corporation must follow
Legal consequences of non-filing of Income tax return
Agreements every entrepreneur must know
Entrepreneurial Stress & tips to manage your health as an Entrepreneur
Advantages of a private company over one person company
Difference between loan syndication and a consortium
When should you incorporate a society?
Law firm management software that are most popular in India
One Person Company – Ten legal provisions you must know!
Arm’s-Length Principle in Transfer Pricing
Formation and Registration of Non-Profit organizations in India
Impact of GST on the Energy Sector
Choosing a Business structure – OPC or Sole Proprietorship
How Intellectual Property relates to E-Commerce
685 20
One Person Company – Step by step guide to incorporation
Legal actions against fraudulent insurance claims
Legal obligations of Insurance Companies towards its customers
Role of an independent Director in a takeover transaction
Fundamental principles of Corporate Governance
Regulatory and Legal framework governing Mines and Minerals in India
Orders and guidelines on Import of food articles
All you need to know about Medical Devices Rules, 2017
Implementation of Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS)
How to register a Private Limited Company in India
How do families in India plan and manage succession
Court proceedings through Video Conferencing
How will the introduction of Lokpal at national and state levels impact businesses and Indian economy
FDI In Indian Telecom Sector
Top Places in Delhi to intern for Event Management
Law on Company Directors’ Self-Dealing
Legal Metrology (Packaged Commodities) Rules, 2011
Data Protection Laws In India
Top ten places in Delhi to intern for content writing
Financial Resolution of Banking Institution in India
686 20
Exit Strategies for Private Equity Investors
How to start a transport and logistics company
What structuring advice will you give to a US entrepreneur who wants to expand his business to India?
How is merchant banking regulated in India
Top 10 three years law colleges in India
Ten must-have clauses in Articles of Association that are not prescribed by default under Companies Act
Article 35A – Making Fundamental Right a myth in the State of Jammu & Kashmir
Admission Notification for the Young India Fellowship Class of 2018-2019
Structuring ideas for starting a chain of retail shop in India
How to obtain Digital Signature
How to start a religious ashram in India
REEMA RAY PRIZE IN INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS LAW 2017
Compliance requirements for a public charitable trust in Mumbai
Do you wait for the last date to do things? You must read this.
Excellent Career Opportunities in Transfer Pricing for Lawyers
Environmental Law workshop – for advocates and law officers
Hybrid structuring in India for social entrepreneurship
Annual compliance of a private trust in India
Procedure for Society Registration in India
How to fire a partner of an LLP
687 20
How do NBFCs usually raise money in India
How to become the most well connected lawyer in town
Opening a bookstore – Licensing and Registration
2 day workshop on Drafting Commercial Contracts is back. Register by 14th September
Steps for inducting a new Co-Founder in a private company
Things to keep in mind while signing a Co-working Space Agreement
Difference between responsibility and rights of a partner and a designated partner in an LLP
How is a trust managed under Indian law
Legal Structures commonly used by NGOs in India
How to close down a start-up legally
A Case Note on National Legal Services Authority v. Union of India
Liability of directors in case of sexual harassment non-compliances
Seven point agenda for building a strong brand as a solo lawyer or a law firm 
How Early Stage Start-Ups Can Use Convertible Notes to Raise FDI?
Five ways how Labour Law can make you rich
Legislating away the challenges faced by Mediation in India
What laws apply to charitable trust in the UAE?
RBI guidelines for business structuring of a bank
How Much Banking Lawyers Earn In India
How to start a private trust in India?
688 20
Difference between Articles of Association under old and new Companies Act
What structuring advice will you give to an Indian entrepreneur who wants to expand to Africa?
Step by step guide to setting up a co-operative society
Effect of increase in Foreign Direct Investment in Insurance sector
Due diligence in India – what every entrepreneur needs to know
Private Limited Company Registration – Timeline, Cost & Requirements
Indian Mediation Week – 11th to 17th September, 2017
The downsides of setting up a partnership instead of a private limited company
Step-by-step guide to setting up a Limited Liability Partnership in India
Evolution of Freedom of Speech under the Indian Constitution
The Legal Metrology (Packaged Commodities) Rules, 2011
Ten most expensive law firms in India and what makes them stand out
Reforms in laws related to Dance Bars in Maharashtra.
Guide to conversion of firm into an LLP
How to file a complaint with RoC against a company?
Transfer of Partnership Rights under the LLP Act
Guide to IPR and Patent in India
Procedure in case of Corporate Debtor under Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016
The Impact of Mediation in India
Why and How are housing complexes structured as co-operative societies?
689 20
Who can become an STP unit and how?
What structuring advice will you give to an entrepreneur from the Middle East who wants to expand his business to India?
What are the 5 most important qualities of a lawyer who want to set up a law firm?
Why you should think of mooting in your law school life
Anticipatory Bail Application – A beginner’s guide
SEZ and its tax structure in Tamil Nadu
Ten most important clauses in an Advisor Agreement
Practical and Procedural Aspect for Conveying and Conducting Board Meetings and General Meetings
What is the exit route available to companies who have deemed public issues?
Key things to negotiate in a Rental agreement
Valuation of a Manufacturing Unit
Proposed direction for reform in legal education & Legal profession.
Which are the Indian law firms with maximum online presence?
Legal issues that arise in succession planning in large conglomerates
Legal framework and regulations concerning shift work in India
New trends in Indian legal services marketplace
Prison Laws in India – The forgotten Law
Can a society acquire a trust?
All you need to know about Valuation of a Shop
The role of independent directors in a takeover transaction
690 20
Legal Framework for Hedge Fund Regulation
All you need to know about Qualified Institutional Placement
Five things that prevent you from getting your dream job and how to break those barriers
Tortious liabilities of Companies
Arguments to establish that Gambling is a Trade
Can an Indian or a foreign company be a partner in an LLP?
Advantages and Disadvantages of Incorporation of a company
What is the review mechanism prescribed by SEBI for the audit qualifications contained in the audit reports of the listed entities?
The prima facie criterion of the American Cyanamid case
Corporate governance and risk management
Why every organization needs a dating policy
Duties and responsibilities of a Director of a Private Limited Company
Law of Limitation in India – Limitation Act, 1963
How will RERA, 2017 affect Working Capital requirements by Builders
Where to file a complaint regarding E-wallet Fraud in India
Election of the President of India
Procedure for transfer of a case from one court to another
Legal framework and regulations governing financial inclusion in India
Implementation issues in GST
Corporate Social Responsibility – An Overview For Companies to Opt for Effective Framework
691 20
Rivers as Juristic Persons
All you need to know about Right To Information in India
Is it a criminal offence to default on loans? Case Study of Vijay Mallya
Can class action be effective in stopping oppression & Miss-management in Companies?
Everything HR Managers need to know about Employees’ State Insurance Corporation (ESIC)
Valuation of Start-ups
Is Mauritius route still viable for FDI to India?
Role of Company Secretary in promoting Good Corporate Governance
How to finance a Solar Power project?
Cyber Security Initiatives by the Government of India
Regulation of Financial Technologies in India
Top 10 innovation driven companies in India
How to tax income from transfer of intangible assets? 
The organisational structure of BCCI. Why is it registered in Tamil Nadu?
Laws relating to Medical Devices in India
Legal Metrology (Packaged Commodities) Rules, 2011
Workshop on Drafting Commercial Contracts – 26th – 27th August, iPleaders Office
Understanding Green Bonds in India – Investing in the future
Why Don’t Venture Capitalists Like Investing in LLP?
Recent Amendments To The Citizenship Act, 1955
692 20
How to negotiate Employment Agreement effectively?
Black Money (Undisclosed Foreign Income and Assets) and Imposition of Tax Act, 2015
Export of Goods and Services Regulations
The Valuation of Copyright
All you need to know about Employees Deposit Linked Insurance (EDLI)
How will RERA, 2017 impact Indian real estate industry in the long term?
Constitutionally taming prejudiced dealings in the context of Public Procurement
Rules & Regulations Related to Road Tax in India
How to participate in Government e-Market as a Seller
How to settle a case out of Court?
Legality of Online pharmacy in India
The impact of Sedition law in India
On what grounds can a doctor refuse to perform an abortion in India?
All you need to know about International Treaties and Agreements
What are the Major Legal Issues in Corporate Leasing?
Best practices – How to handle overbearing and difficult clients?
What are the Different Parts of the Indian Constitution and what do they deal with?
Lifting The Corporate Veil – Provisions under the Companies Act, 2013
All you need to know about Apprentices Act 1961
Real Estate (Regulation and Development) General Rules, 2016
693 20
Ten factors to consider before deciding seat of Arbitration
Is corporate corruption (where no government/public official is involved) punishable in India? What laws can be used to curb it?
The What, Why, Who and How of Recovery and Resolution Planning in the Indian context
Ten things the Government should do to make Mediation effective in India
How to compute short term capital gain ?
How to improve your contract drafting skills?
Comparison of Indian Domestic Arbitration with the Arbitration Laws operating in the European Union
Extent and Limitation of Liability of Partners in an LLP
Import duty on luxury cars
Registration of Firms under the Indian Partnership Act
Big accountancy firms in India have their captive law firms. Is this legal in India?
Legal framework and Regulations protecting Whistle-blowers in India
Evolution and Development of Competition Law in India
Acquisition and transfer of immovable property in India
Can accountancy firms indulge in litigious or non-litigious practices?
How to promote Institutional Arbitration in India?
Legal framework and Regulations related to black money in India
Taxation on CSR initiatives
Advantages of Dematerialization of Shares
How to structure a sporting club in India?
694 20
Laws regulating Sports Broadcasting in India
How to Dissolve a Partnership?
Laws Prohibiting Hoarding or Black Marketing in India
How to find out the name of the shareholders of a company using the MCA website?
Private Companies – Restrictions on Transferability of Shares
A note on National Offshore Wind Policy, 2015
Is smoking on open roads or other public places legal in India?
How can I check if someone has previous criminal records?
What can I do if a customer delays payment?
What are the legal requirements for setting up a Distillation unit?
Why I will never worry about sexual harassment accusations
What to do in case of false charges filed under IPC?
White Collar Crime in Cyber Crime
Maharashtra Prohibition Of People From Social Boycott (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2016
What legal clearances will be required to setup a structure like London Eye In Delhi?
How can employees file a petition before NCLT for recovering unpaid salary?
What licenses are needed to start a Houseboat in Goa?
MASUKA – A draft bill by the collective National Campaign Against Mob Lynching to curb the menace of mob-lynching
Validity and Enforceability of Non-Compete clauses under Indian Law
On what grounds can International Olympic Committee (IOC) suspend a country from participating in Olympics?
695 20
What is the punishment of attempted suicide?
How to file an effective complaint before the vigilance department against a corrupt Government officer?
On what grounds can Court reject the Right To Abort an unborn child in India?
Most reliable ways for start-ups to get angel funding
Regulations needed if India legalizes sports betting
Can a company or person claim to have a copyright for a color pattern or shade?
Why do VCs refrain from investing in LLP?
All you need to know about dissolution of a partnership firm
The Doctrine of Dilution of Trademarks
What is the punishment for participating in a Mob lynching?
Taxation on investments by an Indian resident in the shares of a Foreign Company
How to help child beggars in India?
How can India benefit from making a law on asteroid mining?
What are the laws against discrimination of Leprosy?
All you need to know about Nithari Serial Killings
Everything you need to know about Contract of Guarantee
What is the punishment for spreading religious hatred on social media?
Liquor laws – Production & distribution, Consumption and Import & Export.
Safe Harbour Regulations, 2017
What are the laws regarding blocking of website?
696 20
How to register cooperative societies in Delhi?
A short guide to The POCSO Act
Admissibility of Dying Declaration
What legal recourse do victims of fake news stories have?
Payment of Gratuity to contract labours in India
Suit for declaration with the consequential relief of Permanent Injunction
Is there any benefit of entering into a Prenuptial Agreement in India?
How can I recover my money back if someone else misused my Debit Card details?
What kind of Raids can a Restaurant or Eatery expect?
What kind of laws should the state of Andhra Pradesh make to become a Blockchain capital of the World?
Laws regulating production of Wine in India
What are the legal requirements to set up a public or private Cloud Computing service business in India?
Taxation Of Public Charitable Trust
Board meetings for Private Limited Companies – Comparative study between UK, Ireland and Indian law
GST and its impact on Education sector
Impact of GST on Cars and Two Wheelers
Can a citizen domiciled outside Goa buy land in Goa?
How to register Trademark for your brand in India?
How to get Judicial Clerkship at Supreme Court and various High Courts?
What is the punishment for possession of illegal Drugs And Narcotic Substances?
697 20
Online Gambling laws in India
Statutory Rape laws in India
All you need to know about Syndicate Loan
Are Freelancers subject to TDS Deductions?
What to do if a child you know is forced into child marriage by their parents?
Is white Hat Hacking legal in India?
How much can you earn if you crack CLAT, get a good rank and graduate from a top law school?
Transfer petition in the Supreme Court of India
Detailed list of offences under the Motor Vehicles Act, 1988
Foreign Portfolio Investors Regime
Oral Transfer of Property under the Transfer Of Property Act
How to Link Aadhar card with PAN card
Ten Points about AFSPA. Is it misunderstood by the masses?
Cheating – Constituents, punishment and other legal issues related to cheating.
Sexual Harassment in Bollywood Movies
How to update your KYC (Know Your Customer) details in Employees Provident Portal
How a community can turn around your career
All you need to know about NCLAT taking over COMPAT
How to sue an employer for unpaid wages?
Regulations related to Dog Breeding in India.
698 20
Globalization and Corporate Governance
Labour Law Compliances Check List in West Bengal – A ready Reference
Labour laws related to Trainees in India
Frequently raised queries on The Minimum Wages Act
How to carry liquor legally from Goa to Mumbai?
What does it mean if my case is referred to Lok Adalat?
Capital Punishment – Tool for deterrence or Gallow of Humanity
Top ten highest paying legal jobs in India?
How to obtain a Legal Heir Certificate?
What are the reporting requirements for investors under FEMA?
The legal framework governing foreign exchange transactions.
What is a Qualified Institutional Buyer and how are Qualified Institutional Buyers regulated?
What are the advantages of listing a company on an SME exchange?
What are the restrictions on transferability of shares?
What is qualified placement investment?
How did Bengaluru based online laundry startup, Laundry Anna raised 1 Cr?
Who is a Foreign Institutional Investor?
How do venture capital funds evaluate investment proposals?
Six key issues that you should look for in a Non-Disclosure Agreement
Five long term sources of fund for a company
699 20
How to find investors for a small business?
Ten things you should know about external commercial borrowing
Ten things you should know about Foreign Institutional Investor
What to do if employer fires an employee without giving due salary?
How to get a loan to start a business from the government?
Contract Labor agreement – What are the important clauses?
What is the process of venture capital financing in India?
How is a PIPE transaction different from an ordinary private equity transaction?
How to raise funds for a business online?
How is Minimum Alternate Tax applicable to foreign investors?
How to write the perfect investment proposal?
Can a CA sue his client for non-payment of fees?
Laws regulating Financial Technologies in India
What are smart contracts and how do they work?
Can sexting a co-worker lead to sexual harassment charges?
Reasons why India needs a robust Space Law
Is it illegal to abuse homosexuals online?
What are the terms of engagement that a lawyer should sign with his clients before taking on any high value work?
Capital gain tax on family arrangements and settlements.
What legal options do you have if your insurance claim is rejected?
700 20
Legal consequences of murdering someone out of grave and sudden provocation.
Difference Between TIN, TAN and PAN
How to Import luxury cars and bike in India?
How to prepare for Clat 2018?
What is e-discovery? Why don’t we have e-discovery in India?
Impact of Panama Leaks on India
Offences under the Scheduled Caste And Tribe (Prevention of Atrocities) Act, 1989
How much do M&A lawyers earn? For those interested in a career in M&A.
An analysis on Insolvency and Bankruptcy Board of India (Voluntary Liquidation Regulation 2017)
Laws governing technical education in India
What legal actions can be taken against a person who is caught filming a movie in a theatre
How to get a license for starting a shooting range?
Removal of director under Companies Act, 2013
What permissions are needed to organize a protest rally
Laws related to bonded labour in India
What is Transaction Support Group practice?
Opening a wine shop in Delhi : Licensing and Registration
Difference between Indemnity, Guarantee and Warranty
Is trading in Ethereum legal in India?
Ethical debate on the use of torture and its analysis
701 20
Licensing and Registration procedure under FSSAI
How to lodge a complaint against Banking Malpractices
What system does UK Police provide to the people to report Fraud and Scam
Civil Defamation in India
What actions can you take against a public servant who insults or hit you?
All you need to know about the requirement of KYC Norms
Inherent powers of Supreme Court, High Court, Civil Court and Criminal Court
Why should you engage yourself in a long term learning and development program?
Top five judgments on legal rights of Muslim women in India
Is sex outside marriage illegal in India?
Top ten International Moots around the world
India’s role in International Space Law
What career opportunities may open up if you learn energy law
Legal consequences of having two PAN cards
Legal actions against data theft
Legal issues around auction of Tea, Coffee and other Agricultural Products
What measures must a listed company implement to ensure it complies with insider trading regulations
All you need to know about Model Nikahnama
Arguments against Implementation of Uniform Civil Code
Specific Performance of Contract and its enforceability
702 20
What is the liability of payment gateway when there is failure of payment online?
Dishonouring of a bank cheque : Legal recourse
Can marriage between maternal uncle and niece be a valid marriage in India?
How to lodge a complaint about food adulteration
How to prevent criminal/offender from escaping India
Why is betting on horse racing legal in India?
What is there to learn in mooting?
Is it illegal for an unmarried couple to book a room in a hotel together?
Extent and limitation of Limited Liability Partnership and partners
How to Use newspaper if you want to crack CLAT
Ten Most Important Environmental Law Judgments in India
An Analysis of Liquor laws in India
Can a wife file a rape case against husband
How NBFCs can take foreign loans or foreign investments
What kind of agreement to enter into while hiring a singer
Laws relating to Plagiarism in India
How to get your lost mobile phone back – Legal steps to follow
iPleaders Crowdfunding Campaign – Get Upto 5x Your Investment
Legal actions to take on being harassed by a police officer
Can political parties be made accountable for poll promises?
703 20
Six Points an entrepreneur running a Software Startup needs to know about GST
Opening a cyber cafe – Licensing and Registration requirements
Advantages and Disadvantages of Financial Investment
Law School Rankings and How to choose the right law school
Who must not pursue an online master’s degree
Job opportunity – Programme Associate cum Secretary for the Director’s Office – Institute of CSR & Management-Delhi (ICSRM)
What are Trade Secrets? How one can claim protection?
Note on Dearness Allowance and its development in private sector
Is it Legal in India to marry a girl below 18 years of age?
Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (Regulation of Livestock Markets) Rules, 2017
Internship Opportunity – Content Intern – LAWyersclubindia.com
Ten factors to take care of before finalising the Seat of Arbitration
Applicability of Law of torts and General Defences
Top 3 SEBI Orders under the Takeover Code in the year 2017
Consequences of non-registration or non-compliance with GST in a business
International conventions on Environment Protection ratified by India
License, registration and other legal requirement for starting a homestay
Career Opportunities for Law Graduates in Indian Air Force
Meaning of Temporary and permanent injunction
Judicial pronouncements on the issue of Triple Talaq in India
704 20
Acquisition of a Listed Company – The procedure as laid down in the Takeover Code
Cyber crime and social media websites
Analysis of Section 66 A of the Information Technology Act
Legal method of protecting and bequeathing your digital assets
Laws against Cyber Squatting
Overview of New York Arbitration Convention
Overview of Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (IRDA) Act, 1999
Is access to Internet a Human Right?
Laws on Net neutrality in India
Punishments for website defacement
Legal actions against negligence of Packers and Movers company
Legal implications regarding offensive messages on social media and on SMS
All you need to know about different types of E-Commerce Business in India
Regulatory compliances to be taken care of while starting your own E-wallet
What is International Credit Theft
What is the liability of Facebook in India if a crime is committed through use of their service?
All you need to know about Real Estate (Regulation and Development) Act, 2016
What legal actions can be taken against a person who attempts to break an idol in a temple?
Regulations for collaboration between Indian and Foreign educational institutes
Payment Gateway and the law in India
705 20
Corporate Social Responsibility in India
Legal actions against Ransomware attacks
Death Penalty and Clemency
Key clauses in employment contracts
Distressed assets situation in India
Combination (Merger Control) Regulations
All you need to know about filing an RTI
Education Sector In India – Legal Perspective and Analysis
What is the maximum ceiling for director’s remuneration? Also, which section of the companies act governs executive compensation?
Setting up Project Office in India
Legal Implications of Business Transfer Agreement
Job Opportunity – General Corporate lawyer – KS Legal & Associates, Mumbai
Job Opportunity – Litigation Lawyer – KS Legal & Associates, Mumbai
Employer’s obligations under the Maternity Benefit Act, 1961
Medical Termination of Pregnancy Act and the right of women over their own body
How to change the name of a private company and public company
Rupee Denominated Bonds Issued To Overseas Investors
Maintainability of consumer complaint when the goods are meant for commercial purpose
All you need to know about Combination (Merger Control) Regulations
Ten must-have clauses in an LLP Agreement that are not prescribed by default under LLP Act
706 20
Ten must-have clauses in Articles of Association that are not prescribed by default under Companies Act
Legal requirements and restrictions on labeling a product ‘Organic’
All you need to know about the new E-Waste Management Rules, 2016
Abridged Prospectus: Change in Law related to Disclosures
Fixed term employment contracts in India
Compliance, best practices, and structuring of a company which holds IP of a business group
Recent Insurance law reforms in India
All you need to know about Motor Vehicles Amendment Bill, 2016
Law relating to Indemnity in India
How to know if your company is ready for an IPO
How can PIOs’ and NRIs’ invest in an Indian business: Regulations and Best Practices
Can private colleges charge capitation fee
Criminal liability on Officers and Directors for running an illegal Collective Investment Scheme
Duties of Directors under the Indian Companies Act, 2013
Legality of waiver/release forms in adventure sports
Board meetings and secretarial standards
All you need to know about Transfer Pricing in India
Option Contracts: Enforceability Issues
What can I do if I get a notice of non payment of disputed bill
All you need to know about Fast Track Arbitration Proceedings
707 20
Controversies around the legality of Aadhaar Card
Five most important judgments on freedom of speech and expression
Professional ethics in the legal profession
Strategies for conducting Arbitration expeditiously and at minimal cost
Responsibilities of promoters under Maharashtra ownership flats (Regulation of the promotion of construction, sale, management and transfer) act, 1963
Top Russian Investments in India
All you need to know about regulation of sports league in India
Unauthorised alienation of property and its consequences
What should an Indian entrepreneur know about Mauritius if he or she is planning to take foreign investment?
Importance of RERA (Real Estate Regulatory Act) and its possible effect on Real Estate sector
The present scenario of legal education in India
Important Clauses of DTAA (Double Taxation Avoidance Agreement)
Regulatory framework for Corporate Governance in India
All you need to know about employers obligations towards employee
Five things to do before GST comes In
Top Ten changes the agreement on TRIPS brought to the IPR regime in India
Legality of Poker in India
What legal actions to take if my spouse is committing adultery
Legal status of incest in India
Cyber obscenity and victimisation of women in India
708 20
All you need to know about Alternative Dispute Resolution (ADR)
Non essential freebies in elections and state resources
Legal steps to take when someone creates your revenge porn
How to find the practice area best suited for a lawyer
How to get money back from a friend legally in India
A comparative analysis of family law in Islamic Countries
Overview of regulatory regime over banking companies in India
The role of SEBI in regulating the primary market for securities
All you need to know about the Madhya Pradesh Shops and Establishment Act
An overview of the Prevention of Corruption Act
Pendency of cases in India and how the Indian Judiciary is coping with the problem
All you need to know about water laws in India
Overview on The Patent Cooperation Treaty (PCT)
A comparative analysis of the Narcotics Drugs and Psychotropic Substance Act, 1985 and The Indian Evidence Act, 1872
What are the remedies available if a party fails to appoint an arbitrator within stipulated time?
Legal Compliances for Online Stores
Employer’s responsibilities for Tax Filing of Employees
Structuring advice to an Indian entrepreneur who is looking for business expansion in China
Five basic rights the law guarantees every Indian consumer
Infringement of democratic legislation through fraudulent amendments
709 20
Ten basic rights of an employee in India
Legal Practice Management and why we need it in India
All you need to know about C.B.I. raids and investigation
Practice of International law in India and Europe. A comparative study
Making inroads into safeguarding rights of people with disabilities
Road ahead for Reservation: A Survey of Reforms
All you need to know about Anti-Bullying laws in India
How to conduct effective legal research: Tips and techniques
All you need to know about Alcohol Laws In India
All you need to know about Andhra Pradesh Shops and Establishments Act
All you need to know about laws prohibiting exploitation of labours in India
All you need to know about Gujarat Shops and Establishment Act, 1948.
Attorney-Client privileges in India
Job opportunities for law graduates in Indian Army
How and when to submit a complaint with National Human Rights Commission (NHRC)
Cases in which temporary injunction may be granted
Who is an Advocate On Record?
All you need to know about laws on lie detector tests
All you need to know about the ways of spreading legal awareness in the society
Five most important judgments by the Supreme Court of India on Freedom of Speech and Expression
710 20
How to crack CLAT in 30 days
All you need to know about West Bengal Shops and Establishment Act, 1963
Are we treating our elders legally right? Laws safeguarding the legal interest of elders in India
Ways to improve the Juvenile Justice System of India
Should a Law student pursue Company Secretary (CS) course
All you need to know about Right to Education in India
All you need to know about the SC and the ST (Prevention of Atrocities) Act, 1989
All you need to know about Goa Civil Code
Laws related to Migrant Labourers in India
Salient features of the Real Estate (Regulation and development) Bill, 2016
Protection of movie titles through Intellectual Property laws
Assignment and Licensing of Trademarks in India
How to start a collective investment scheme: Process, compliance, best practices and relevant law
Delhi High Court Rules on the amended provisions of The Arbitration And Conciliation Act, 1996.
How to increase authorised share capital of a company in India: Process, compliance, best practices and relevant law
Financial investment solutions for Non-Residential Indians
What structuring advice will you give to an Indian entrepreneur who wants to expand to UK?
Indian laws and policy on generic drugs
What structuring advice will you give to an Indian entrepreneur who wants to receive Foreign Direct Investment
Patent enforcement through courts in India
711 20
How to Structure an MLM Company Legally in India [ Process, Compliance, Best Practices and Relevant Laws]
Human Rights violation of prisoners in India
Concept of Acquiescence in IP litigation in India
All you need to know about Bihar Shops and Establishment Act
How to start an Event Management Business in India: Process, Compliance, Best Practices, and Relevant Laws
Lawsuits on Patent infringements in India and Pharma Patents
Difference between Registered and Unregistered Trademark.
Indian Trademark law. Comparison with US and EU
How to register a charitable trust and get necessary income tax registrations for donor benefit
Applicability & status of Arbitral Awards passed in any proceedings which commenced prior to October 23, 2015
EPF Withdrawal: Rules and Taxes
Everything you need to know about the recent Maternity Benefit Amendments
Possible ways to structure a family owned retail business. Process, compliance, best practice, and relevant law.
Enforcement of Foreign Awards in India
Dispute resolution under Companies Act, 2013
What laws apply to a public charitable trust in India? Process compliance, best practices, and applicable law.
The controversy underlying foreign seat and place or venue of arbitration
Post-grant opposition and revocation proceedings under the Indian Patent Act
Corporate governance of insurance companies in India. Process, compliance, best practices and relevant law
Arbitrability of disputes where Fraud is alleged
712 20
India’s current policy regarding Bilateral Investment Treaties
Enforceability of Non-Disclosure Agreements in India
Structuring advice to software startup who wants to receive Foreign Direct Investment
How to start a transport or logistics company. Process, compliance, best practices and relevant law
Regulations related to domain name and how domain name disputes are resolved
Impact of GST on manufacturing sector
Labour Inspectors and Remedies Against Abuse of Power
Service Tax in India on Overseas Online Services being Accessed from India
Rectification of registered Trademarks
Indian Anti-Beggary Law
What are the rules that govern the allocation of Coal Block in India
Solicitor system in Bombay
Case Status is “Disposed”. What does this mean
How Co-Founders Agreement could have helped in Housing.com dispute
Is visiting a torrent site crime in India
Top Ten criminal lawyers in Bengaluru
Indian Penal Code on fraud and cheating
Regulation of surveillance of Robots, Drones and other surveillance technology in private and government hands
Duration of life imprisonment in India
Important judicial pronouncements on Multi-Level-Marketing
713 20
Important clauses in a SaaS agreement
Service Tax on Education in India
Is it possible to get married in secret while keeping the marriage a secret
Share of brother in deceased brother’s property
All you need to know about Arya Samaj marriage and divorce
Top Law firms for Freshers in India and how to decide the best firm for yourself
Sexual Harassment in TVF’s Case
A simple guide to approaching your local consumer protection authority in case of defective products or services
How much alimony should I get if I divorce my husband
Origin of Corporate Social Responsibility
Regulation of Investment Advisors in India
Procedure for Tax Appeals in India
All About Labour Law Compliances for Startups in India
Special benefits for registering in Startup India scheme
ESIC Vs. Employees Compensation Act
Top ten most common sample board resolutions
Legality of drones in India
An Analysis of the Model Question Paper for Limited Insolvency Examination (LIE), Tips for Preparation and Information About New Book on LIE
Comparison of the leave laws in various states of India
OH GIRL! WHY DON’T YOU CHANGE YOUR CLOTHES!!!
714 20
How are issues like overbilling, service disconnection and other unjustified fraudulent ways towards CUG and postpaid customers of telecom network providers being regulated by TRAI
Jurisdiction of filing a divorce case where the husband is the petitioner and the couple live in two different places
How to identify a legal heir
Is it rape if your boyfriend has sex with you after promising to marry you but doesn’t fulfill such promise
Can a registered will be challenged in an Indian Court
How to check whether I am eligible for gratuity or not
What is the difference between Director & officer’s insurance policy and Keyman insurance
Labour law amendments in the development of textile industry
Licensing, registration and other legal requirements for export and import of aircraft or parts
Licensing, Registration, and other legal Requirements for starting an IT Business
Protection of traditional knowledge and IPR. Does India need a ‘Sui Generis’ legislation
What should every entrepreneur know about income tax laws
IMPORTANT LABOUR LAW AMENDMENTS IN 2016
How does a Non Solicit clause prohibit the Employee from encouraging the employer’s clients, consultants, agents etc
Contractual provisions to exclude liability arising from trade union unrest in outsourcing and other service contracts
Arbitrability of Investment Disputes in India
Legal provisions regarding sexual harassment at the workplace
What are the key clauses in an employment agreement from the employer’s perspective?
Can ex-workers of a banned industry claim compensation in light of Bihar liquor ban
Role of preamble in interpreting Article 12 and 13
715 20
Uniform Code for Pharmaceuticals Marketing Practices (UCPMP): AN INSIGHT
What every Indian should know about FDI
Labour Law compliances for start-ups in India
Top ten acquisitions in the Pharmaceutical Sector in India
Who are eligible to recover money through Debt Recovery Tribunal? What is the procedure and how long does it take?
TOP 10 LAW FIRMS IN MUMBAI AND WHAT MAKES THEM STAND OUT
What every Indian should know about Constitutional Law
A CASE NOTE EXAMINING THE FIRST DE-FACTO CASE OF SEXUAL DISCRIMINATION AT THE WORK PLACE: Air India v Nergesh Meerza & Ors 1981 AIR 1829
10 fundamental principles of Securities Laws that every Indian businessman should know
LAW RELATED TO BENAMI PROPERTY IN INDIA
Guide to Insolvency Professional Examination
Examining the prospect of placing a reservation bill for the Jats under the ninth schedule
Procedure to Increase Authorised Share Capital of a company under The Companies Act, 2013
Major changes brought about by Trademark Rules 2017
FUNDAMENTAL RIGHT TO ADOPT: A CRITICAL ANALYSIS OF COMPETENCY OF PERSONS IN ADOPTION PROCESS
COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT ON THE INTERNET
Online presence of top 10 law firms in India
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND CORPORATE CRISIS IN CHINA
Legal Requisites for starting the Import or Export of Pearls, Precious and Semi-Precious Stones
All you need to know about the IPR Laws in India
716 20
Advantages and disadvantages of practicing in a big city over a small town
When Your Contract Manufacturer Becomes Your Competitor: Possible legal responses
All you need to know about data privacy laws in India
Breaking the silence- with the help of POCSO ACT, 2012
WHAT ARE THE LAWS RELATED TO ANTICIPATORY BAIL IN INDIA
THE DELHI UNIVERSITY PHOTOCOPY CASE
All you need to know about child adoption laws In India
TRADITIONAL KNOWLEDGE AND IPR: REVIVING INDIAN LEGISLATIVE FRAMEWORK THROUGH SUI GENERIS SYSTEM
Dishonor of Cheques
How to register a bed and breakfast in India
Can you cite your free legal sources? JurisOpen has the answer
SPECIAL ECONOMIC ZONE: AN OVERVIEW OF THE SEZ ACT, 2005
Give a Checklist – Addressing Suspected Violations of Non-compete and Non-solicitation Agreements
What are the common issues on which businesses have internal policies?
Maternity Benefits in Organized & Unorganized Sector
Protecting the rights of women workers
Note on Dearness Allowance and its Development in private sector.
What are Conjugal Rights? Who can file for it? Where to file? What are the conditions relating to it?
CRITICAL ANALYSIS OF THE CONTRACT LABOUR (REGULATION AND ABOLISHMENT) ACT 1970
ARE COMPANY POLICIES VALID VIS-À-VIS EMPLOYEES? WHAT IS THE SOURCE OF THEIR VALIDITY?
717 20
All you need to know about refugees
What are the legal issues that arise in India in different kinds of franchise business
WHAT EVERY INDIAN SHOULD KNOW ABOUT INTERNATIONAL LAW
TOP TEN ANGEL INVESTORS IN INDIA
What are the instances under which an employee can sue his/her employer
How to Draft Contracts Efficiently
ALL YOU KNOW NEED TO KNOW ABOUT ONLINE CONTRACTS
What every Indian should know about mediation
10 things about Foreign Direct Investment every Indian should know
FAST TRACK EXIT (FTE) PROCEDURE FOR COMPANIES UNDER COMPANIES ACT, 2013
Comparison of a Private Trust with a Public Trust
How much stamp duty do you have to pay in the 6 metro cities of India (most common documents)
10 things about Arbitration that every Indian businessman should know
Legal Requisites for starting the Import or Export of Pearls, Precious and Semi-Precious Stones
The Anxiety About GST Rollout In India
ISSUES AND CHALLENGES OF SAME SEX MARRIAGES IN INDIA
The Need for an Innovative Law for Innovation Laws
Compensation of victim of crime in India
What documents to check before buying property in Mumbai
Laws That Every HR Manager Should Know In India
718 20
STRUCTURING ADVICE TO AN INDIAN ENTREPRENEUR WHO WANTS TO EXPAND TO UK
Validity of press notes issued by DIPP in absence of subsequent amendments
Top 10 criminal lawyers in Mumbai
Top 10 Criminal lawyers in Delhi
All you need to know about Hire-purchase agreement
Top Ten Acquisitions In The Pharmaceutical Sector In India
All About Angel Investment And The Top Angel Investors In India
What To Do When Your Contract Manufacturer Becomes Your Competitor
All You Need To Know About Data Privacy Laws In India
All you need to know about Prenuptial agreement in India
ALL YOU NEED TO KNOW ABOUT WORKPLACE DISCRIMINATION LAWS IN INDIA
ALL YOU NEED TO KNOW ABOUT HOW TO CONDUCT A LEGAL DUE DILIGENCE
What every Indian should know about customs laws
JURISDICTIONAL CHALLENGES WHILE DOING ONLINE TRANSACTIONS
PROCEDURE FOR FAST TRACK MERGER UNDER SECTION 233 OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013 (“ACT”) READ THE COMPANIES (COMPROMISES, ARRANGEMENTS AND AMALGAMATIONS) RULES, 2016 (“RULES”)
All You Need To Know About Cyber Laws In India
Can a Son Be Disowned? If Disowned, What Are His Rights In The Ancestral Property
Separation agreement between husband and wife in India
Dissociating religion from politics
Government to Launch ‘GST offline app’ to ease pain of businessman
719 20
Top Ten Corporate Lawyers in India
The Arbitration Act of India: The unfinished business
The mechanics of Currency Management 
A comprehensive list of Labor Laws in India
APPOINTMENT OF SUPREME COURT JUDGES IN INDIA & NECESSARY JUDICIAL REFORMS
Top places in Delhi for a law student to intern in
Cyber Security Laws in India & China: A Comparison
The Mask of Sedition
The Rise of IndusLaw : A case study
What every Indian should know about Banking Laws
Top 10 Criminal lawyers in India and what makes them stand out
What is GST? All that you need to know about GST
Is Cashless Economy Eliciting Cyber Crimes?
Pasupu Kumkuma: Transfer Of Poperty
What To Do If Your Husband or Wife Is Having An Extra Marital Affair
What a doctor should learn about law?
UNDERSTANDING FOUCAULT’S TAKE ON LAW, SEXUALITY & ORDER: THROUGH THE EYES OF SARA MILLS
What Kind Of Intellectual Property Agreement Should You Enter into With Your Employees And Why
Recovery Of Money Under The Recovery Of Debts Due To Banks And Financial Institution Act, 1993  
What Is Animus And Why Is It Important In A Criminal Case
720 20
What Are The Types of Injunctions In The Indian Law
Power Of Attorney And Its Revocation
How to Change Your Marital Status in Your Passport
What To Do When Someone Trespasses or Encroaches Upon My Property
What To Do When My Tenant is Neither Giving The Rent Nor is Vacating My House
Reservation benefits to OBCs, STs, and SCs who have migrated to other states
What To Do When My In-laws Harass Me
What To Do When a Stranger Starts Construction Over My Property
What To Do If My Brother Starts Construction on My Ancestral Property Without My Consent
What Are The Labour Laws that Apply to The Indian Information Technology Industry
Laws and Rules of Importing Gold and Electronics From Dubai to India
How to Get Child Custody in India
How Can You Get Your FIR Quashed
What to do if NRI husband or wife is harassed by spouse or in-laws
Can New Evidence be Presented in Between the Arguments of an Arbitration Case When Evidence Stage Has Already Been Crossed
Legal Issues Regarding eBook Publishing
The Role of National Green Tribunal in Judiciary
Nirbhaya Gang Rape: A Case Study
Everything You Need To Know About Music License Agreement
Why Human Castration Is Not a Punishment For Rape in India
721 20
What Is Geographical Indication or GI
CLEAN AIR RELATED LAWS IN INDIA
Power of Attorney Sales as a Tool to Avoid Stamp Duty with Special Reference to Suraj Lamp Industries Case
Crowdfunding: The way it should be!
Remedies Against Illegal Action by Police
DISHONOUR OF CHEQUE
How will the new budget help the startups ?
What Can a Producer Do If His Movie is Dubbed in a Regional Language Without His Consent
All You Need to Know About Futures Contracts
What Laws are Being Made Around the World to Encourage Use of Alternative Energy
Hierarchy of Courts and Justice System in India
All About The Viability Of Class Actions Suits In India
All You Need To Know About Direct Selling Laws In India
What Is Intellectual Property Rights And What Should Everyone Know About It
All About The Top Ten Energy Lawyers Practising In India
Top 10 Law Firms That Pay The Highest Salary In India
Powers of Autonomous Councils in Tribal Areas in North East India
Development of Competition Law in India
Hierarchy of Courts and Justice System in Australia
What Every Indian Needs To Know About Trade Union Related Laws In India
722 20
What Is Capital Markets And What Should Everyone Know About It
The Rise of Nishith Desai Associates: A Case Study
Rules and Regulations Governing Bank Lockers in India
Laws and Regulations Related to Defence Procurement in India
All You Need To Know About Forward Contracts
Hierarchy of Courts and Justice System in Italy
What Can You Do If a Supreme Court Order or Judgement is Against You
What Can You Do If Your Right To Do Business is Curtailed by a Government Notification
What to do if the Company does not pay or delays the PF Amount
All you need to know about the process of BSE Arbitration
How does the Indian Constitution protect minority rights
What is FRAND Licensing all About: Top 10 Points to Keep in Mind
Non Disclosure Clauses in Employment Contracts
What are the Conditions of Getting a Business Visa in India
HOW CAN THE INDIAN GOVT HELP YOUR STARTUP
Should Indian Entrepreneurs Incorporate a Holding Company in Another Country
Interpretation of the Term ”Consumer” With Reference to Beauty Services
What fee can one expect to pay for divorce cases in India?
What are the common problems in hiring an advisor in exchange for equity or money
Visa Bulletins – A guide for various classes of individuals
723 20
All about the different types of US Visa and how to apply for them
What is the procedure to apply for a Green Card in the USA
Laws existing in India to prevent and control water pollution
What are John Doe Orders and in which situations they are granted
All you need to know about Patta and Patta Land in India
All you need to know about registering a Relinquishment Deed
All about the various stages of criminal trial in India
A Case Study On The Ouster of Cyrus Mistry as the Chairman
What to do if you are subjected to mental torture and cruelty
What to do if a false domestic violence and dowry case is registered against you
How can I draft my will myself
What To Do When Your Boyfriend/Girlfriend Or Ex-Boyfriend/Ex-Girlfriend Blackmails You Using Your Nude Pictures
Are Casinos Legal in India
How to Register Complaints with Vigilance Department Against Government Officer
What Are The Requisite Registrations Required For A Law Firm In India
All About The Real Estate (Regulation and Development) Act, 2016
Rights of a Loan Defaulter
What Every Indian Should Know About Muslim Law
All About The Registration Of A Will In Punjab
Difference between FTO (Freedom To Operate) and Infringement Analysis
724 20
Step by Step Guide to writing a Will
How To Claim Property Damage After an Accident
How to Register a Will in India
How to Revoke Power of Attorney in India
TRA Contract Drafting Competition 2017 in association with Uber and NLSIU
Various Uses of Gift Deed
How to File a Harassment Complaint Against a Neighbour
IMPACT OF THE BUDGET 2017 ON BUSINESSMEN IN INDIA
Power of Attorney
How can you get an internship at a top law firm
Six exciting career avenues for aspiring law academicians and teachers
What All Registrations are Required for a Law Firm in India
Hierarchy of Courts And Justice System in China
Law Related to Benami Property in India
What are your legal remedies if you are not able to pay credit card bill Or loan EMI
Shimir Satyendra, an Oxford-educated successful entrepreneur on why he enrolled for the NUJS diploma and how it is helping him.
Laws Applicable on Manufacturing & Selling of Cigarettes
What are the Rules Regarding Financing of Terrorist Activities
How Do Insurance Companies Make Profit
Argument to Establish that UGC Should Recognize Degree for Online Courses
725 20
Tax Planning And Tax Evasion: Are They Really Different?
Challenges Of Practicing In The USA With A Foreign Law Graduation
Role Of Lawyers As An Enterprise Architect
Top Five Emerging Areas Of Practice In India For Commercial Lawyers
All About Online Internships For Indian Students
All About The Role Of A Solicitor In Bombay
How To Maintain Client Data: Best Practices Around The World
What to Do When Your Wife Or Girlfriend Threatens to Commit Suicide
Why Should Lawyers Attend Paid Networking Events and Conferences?
How To Select A Niche For Developing Your Legal Practice As A Lawyer?
Rights of an Unmarried Mother Over Her Child
How Can India Become A Hub For International Arbitration?
Rules of Arbitration And The Role of Indian Council of Arbitration
Rights of Factory & Non-Factory Workers
Jewish Law of Marriage & Divorce in India
Rights of Manual Scavengers, Sweepers & Latrine Cleaners in India
Legal Custody of Child Born after Divorce or Seperation of Parents in India
Legalizing Euthanasia in India: Is it necessary?
Should the power of the executive to promulgate ordinances in India be amended or discarded?
Analysing the Amendments to Arbitration and Conciliation Act in light of judgments of the Supreme Court
726 20
Stakeholder Responsibility and CSR
How to File Police Complaint Online
Privity of Contract: Should I be able to sue for breach of a contract if I am not a party to the contract?
Do I Have the Right to Defend My Own Case in Court Without a Lawyer?
How to Lodge an FIR?
An analysis of the Companies Amendment Bill, 2016
PEDOPHILIA : EXAMINING THE SOCIETAL RESPONSE TO A MARGINALIZED MEDICAL CONDITION
Can Voice Recording be Used As Evidence In Courts in India?
All You Need To Know About Citizenship Law of India
All About Corporate Governance In The Banking Sector
The Importance of Networking for Lawyers
Challenges Faced By Lawyers With A Foreign Degree Practising In The European Union
Everything You Need to Know About Forensic Accounting
How an NRI Can File for Mutual Consent Divorce
Should Law Firms Use Customer Relationship Management softwares?
Top 5 Legal Challenges Faced By HR Managers In India
Gourav Khatri, Manager Legal with an Automobile Company, on how the NUJS MA in Business Laws course is helping him
Career Opportunities in Regulatory Litigation in India
Whether disputes relating to Trademark and Copyright Infringement are arbitrable
Why Pursue an MBA after Law School
727 20
The point of working in a law firm and why lawyers are special: Story of an anonymous associate
New Trends in Indian Legal Service Marketplace
8 Ultimate Ways To Find A Mentor For Your Professional Growth
Best Practices: How Do Solo Lawyers Ensure High Quality of Legal Work?
Top 10 Law Firm Websites in India Redefining Legal Service in Modern Era
Should Modern Day Lawyers Learn Coding?
Suvrajit Bhattacharya, Learning Officer at Hyatt Hotels Corporation, on how he is using the NUJS Executive Certificate Course in Sexual Harassment Prevention and Workplace Diversity in his career
Role of Lawyers in Capital Market Transactions
Should You Specialize Early In Your Career: The Pros & Cons
How to Transition from Law Firm to Litigation Practice
Hierarchy of Courts & Justice Systems in USA: Complete Overview
Hierarchy of Courts and Justice System in Sri Lanka: Complete Overview
Rakesh Gupta, a qualified Company Secretary, on why he enrolled for the NUJS MA in Business Laws course
Bollywood Copying Hollywood: Copyright Infringement And Legal Issues in Borrowing from Movies
Sports Law – A Viable Career Option In India
Pioneering Women – Ten Remarkable Lady Lawyers In India
Role Of Lawyers In The Field Of Corporate Finance
How to become a notary in India and who are eligible
Uniform Civil Code And It’s Impact On Muslim Personal Law
‘Enabling Statute’: A Complete Report with Five Case Laws
728 20
Pradeep Raja, experienced IPR professional working with one of the largest pharmaceutical companies, on how he is benefiting from the NUJS MA in Business Laws course
10 Things to Know About Indian Civil Procedure Code
What You Need To Know About Non-Disclosure Agreements
How Does a Private Equity Lawyer Bring Value to Private Equity Transaction?
Rishabh Dheer, Judicial Clerk/Law Researcher to Hon’ble Dr. Justice S. Muralidhar, Judge, High Court of Delhi, on how the NUJS Diploma course is helping him
Top 5 Indian Origin Lawyers In EU : Making India Proud
Role of Lawyers in Mergers & Acquisitions Transactions
Changing Trends in Telecom Industry: A Critical Analysis
Aparna Ravulavaru, Legal executive with a leading publishing house, on how the NUJS MA in Business Laws course is helping her excel and grow in her current role
What Are The Career Opportunities In Cyber Law In India
Frauds and Problems related to NRI Marriages and what to do
All About Traffic Laws In India
Myths about law internships and why should you do one – Part 1
What To Do If A Traffic Police Harasses You
All You Need To Know About Sedition Law In India
What are the important points to consider before choosing Law School in India
Top 10 Healthcare Investors Helping Startups to Rise in India
Raghav Gupta, a businessman, on why he enrolled for the NUJS MA in Business Laws program
How to settle out of court and avoid long court proceedings that drag on for years
BHIM: New Year Gift By PM Modi
729 20
10 Ultimate Ways Lawyers can Boost Their Productivity to the Next Level
Rising Trend Of Online Nigerian Scams In India
Career Prospects Of Lawyers In the Banking Sector
Essential Skills To Win Deals With Contract Negotiation
How a freelance journalist on the Supreme Court’s anti-trafficking panel used the NUJS Executive Certificate Course in Sexual Harassment Prevention and Workplace Diversity in her career
How to use social work to progress in your career
Emerging New Trends in the FMCG Sector in India- A Brief Report
What is Contract Management and How Should Organisations Approach it?
Investment Banking vs Law – Which is the Better Career Option?
Career Opportunities for Lawyers in Indian Oil and Gas Sector
How do Resident Welfare Associations Work – A Brief Guide
How Important is Internet Marketing to Advocates: Global Trends
Aniket Piyush, legal associate with a leading law firm, on his experience with the NUJS MA in Business Laws course
How to write well – Creative Control
How to study effectively – 5 habits for effectiveness
The missing link in CLAT preparation – learn to manage your nerves, be in the right state of mind
Internship Myths that might be sabotaging you
Tejaswinee Roychowdhury, a practising lawyer, on why she enrolled for the NUJS MA in Business Laws program
Anirban Ghosh, audit leader with Wipro, on why he enrolled for the NUJS MA in Business Law program
Bhargav Thakkar; legal counsel at the corporate law wing of a Charted Accountancy firm, on how the NUJS MA in Business Laws program is helping him
730 20
Meenal Nasa, in-house corporate counsel at a global services company, on how the NUJS MA in Business Laws program is benefiting her
All About Benami Properties And Recent Legal Developments
All You Need To Know About Funding Of Political Parties In India
How To Get Free Legal Advice And Free Legal Aid In India
A BRIEF OVERVIEW ON BREACH OF CONTRACT
Webinar on Gaming Laws by Jay Sayta
Top ten skills to develop as a lawyer
Practical learning for law students
CLAT: Strategic Planning for CLAT Preparation
How To Get A Driving License In New Delhi
How To Register A Motor Vehicle In New Delhi
How And When To File To RTI
A Quick Guide On How To Establish A Political Party In India
How to find your first client as a Lawyer
All you need to know about Child Rights in India
What Should You Do to Become a Successful Panel Lawyer?
What Are The Duties of A Public Information Officer?
DELHI VAT REGISTRATION UNDER COMPOSITION SCHEME
Do You Have These Essential Traits to Get Hired by a Leading Law Firm
Top Ways to Establish ‘Lawyer-Client Relationship’ to Succeed as a Lawyer
731 20
Transitioning from Litigation to Transactional Work
INDEXATION ON INHERITED PROPERTY
How to Claim Road Accident Compensation As Per M.A.C.T Guidelines
All you need to know about migration from Delhi VAT to GST
How Pranav Khatavkar, lawyer & author of an insolvency law book, cracked the All India Bar Examination and his recommendation for AIBE Aspirants
Investment in Fixed Deposit – An Income Tax Deduction for Aam Aadmi
How a lawyer can improve on his time management skills
All about Delhi VAT (D-VAT) Returns
What are the Defamation Laws in India
Job Opportunity-Legal Assistant Manager-Indus Towers Ltd
Job Opportunity-Area Legal Manager-Murugappa Group
Job Opportunity-Gm Legal-Punj Lloyd Ltd
Rectification Under Section 154 of Income Tax Act
Modes of Supply Under GATS (General Agreement on Trade in Services )
Rajdeep Ghosh, associate at Fox Mandal, on why he enrolled for the NUJS diploma course
Divorce by Mutual Consent In India- Detailed Report
How Muslim Women Can Divorce Her Husband As Per The Muslim Law
How to Get Divorce Without Mutual Consent- Complete Guideline
How to Prove Medical Negligence?
Why is India Apprehensive to Adopt HIV Self -Test Option?
732 20
Is Indian Infrastructure Disabled Friendly?
Should National Anthem Be Made Compulsory in Movie Halls?
Should Marijuana Be Legalized In India?
Here’s All You Need To Know About Mental Health Care Bill 2013
Why Amendment of Section 377 IPC is Necessary
How to get a Gun License in India
Surrogacy Regulation Bill 2016 Says “No Compensation”
The Disability Act 2014 – Overview and Analysis
How to Understand Different Types of Legal Clients
Why Women’s Health is A Huge Concern Today?
How to Regulate Combinations under Competition Act 2002
How to Give Talaq to Your Muslim Wife- Complete Legal Guide
What is the Importance of Networking for Law Students
Family Owned vs. Professionally Managed: Which Law Firm performs better in India
NUJS Diploma Course: Experience Of An Assistant Manager-Legal at Jindal Steel & Power Ltd.
TRIPLE-TALAQ: UNCONSTITUTIONAL AND A CURSE TO THE SOCIETY!!!
NUJS Diploma Course Experience of the Head-Operations of a Project Management Training And Consultancy Firm
RTI Competition: File an RTI on what makes a difference and write about it and win prizes
Start-Up India Mission – A Half Baked Attempt?
Taxation Laws Second Amendment: An ingenious move?
733 20
How Digital India Campaign is an opportunity for Lawyers?
Three Cardinal Rules To Consider While Practising Criminal Litigation
Why and When Do You Need a TIN (Taxpayer Identification Number ) ?
Tapas Patra, Deputy Manager with an energy sector PSU, on why he did the NUJS diploma course and how it’s helping him.
Corporate Governance And Its Relation With Royalty Payments
Palahalli Sanjay, founder of a Lean Management Consultancy firm on how the NUJS diploma is adding value to his profile
Utkarsh Kumar, a Legal Associate with SourceHOV on how the NUJS diploma course helped him
WHAT ARE THE PROBLEMS IN TAX STRUCTURE AND ADMINISTRATION IN INDIA
The Tyranny of Triple Talaq – System of Divorce In Islam
Service Tax: When and How is it Paid
What to do if street lights are not working in your locality
Three Major Challenges To Become a Successful Criminal Lawyer
What Are SEBI Guidelines On Disclosures, Reporting And Clarifications Under AIF Regulations?
Compare Tax Planning, Tax Avoidance and Tax Evasion
Corporate Governance and Compliance Requirements for Selling a Business Unit
Happy New Year – Here’s Your Permission to Publicly Ridicule Me
A Detailed Analysis Of The Five Categories Under Which Income Tax Is Calculated
All About Legislative And Regulatory Initiatives Under Corporate Governance
What Are The Restrictions On Tax Inversions?
ALL ABOUT THE PROCESS OF DELISTING OF SECURITIES
734 20
All About Restructuring Corporate Bonds
WHAT IS TAX AVOIDANCE?
Corporate Governance Issues Through The Book Building Process In India
Taxation System in India
Taxation Of Limited Liability Partnerships
WHAT IS A DEEMED ASSOCIATED ENTERPRISE AND HOW ARE THEY TAXED?
Tax Planning by E-Commerce Entities
What Will Be The Implications Of GST On Automobile-Industry?
Analyzing The Taxation Process Of The Income Of A Minor
WHAT ARE THE CREDITS AND SET-OFF UNDER VAT
PROCEDURE OF TAX APPEALS IN INDIA
Demonetization: is it an illegal move by Modi government?
HOW RELIEFS ARE CALCULATED UNDER DTAA
Privilege fees for procuring a liquor license in Mumbai and Maharashtra
Job Opportunity-Legal Manager-Intec Capital Ltd
Job Opportunity-Legal Manager-Trio IT Services Pvt Ltd
What is Capital Gains Tax and How is it Computed
Job Opportunity-General Manager Legal Compliance- Worksite Integrated Networks
Job Opportunity-Legal Business Advisory-Skp Business Consulting LLP
Job Opportunity-Legal Officer-India Finserves Advisors
735 20
Tax Evasion – A Menace To The Society
Internship Opportunity-Legal Intern-Candour Legal
Hague convention on Child Abduction and India’s position
Job Opportunity-Legal Manager- La Renon Healthcare Private Limited
Job Opportunity-Legal Assistant Manager-Xrbia Developers Ltd
Job Opportunity-Legal Compliance Counsel-Sap India Pvt Ltd
What is the Importance of DTAA?
What Are The Benefits Of GST On Various Industries
Job Opportunity-Legal Manager-VTP Group
Excise Duty – When And How Is It Paid?
All You Need To Know About Divorce Laws In India
Different methods of preventing economic double taxation in respect of foreign and resident taxpayers
How Is The Income Received On GDR Taxed?
CSR in India : How to carry out CSR in a corporate
Registration Of Newspaper & Magazine Under RNI: Complete Legal Procedure
Internship Opportunity-Legal Intern-Encyclopaedia Britannica India Pvt. Ltd
Internship opportunity-Legal Intern-Nanubhai Desai & Co.
Internship Opportunity-Legal Intern-Metropolitan Law Associates
Job Opportunity-Legal Contract Management-Apollo Munich
Job Opportunity-Legal Manager-Reliance General Insurance
736 20
Intellectual Property Rights or IPR in Sports
How Is Transfer Pricing Calculated For Advertising, Marketing, And Promotional Expenses?
Laws governing advertisements in India
Required Amendments in Workman’s Compensation Act
Licensing and De-licensing of Industries in India
Meat Shop Licensing And Registration: Complete Legal Procedure
What are the Laws Governing Hotel Industry in India
Restaurant Licensing & Registration Policy: Everything You Need To Know
Pharmacy And Online Pharmacy: Licensing And Registration Requirements
How to acquire a Domain Name in India
Hotel Business: Licensing And Registration Requirements
Summary of amendments to SARFAESI Act, 2002
School Licensing And Registration Requirements: Complete Procedure
CBI Search-Seizure: Process And Rules To Follow According To CBI manual
CBI Prosecution- Procedure To Be Followed As Per CBI Manual
CBI Custody- Complete Procedure And Rules To Follow
Fashion Boutique Licensing And Registration Requirements: Complete Guidelines
Architecture Agency: Licensing And Registration Policy in India
Coaching Centre: Licensing And Registration Norms in India
Gym In India- Licensing And Registration Norms
737 20
Hookah Parlor In India: Licensing And Registration Requirements
How do the greatest become the greatest: self-affirmation as a power tool
Mohammed Azharuddin, a corporate counsel with a top IT company on how NUJS diploma course helped him
Caste Based Reservation Is Good or Bad?
Importance of ITAT or Income Tax Appellate Tribunal
Internship Opportunity-Legal Internship-Vakilsearch.com
Amendments to the Juvenile Justice Act
Internship Opportunity-Mba Intern-Jiyes Learning Institute
Internship Opportunity-Cs Intern-Dream India Solutions Pvt. Ltd
What is Habeas Corpus and how to use it
The Interpol Wing of CBI and Its Functions
CBI Investigation – Process And Rules To Follow
CBI Case Diary And Progress Report – Provisions To Be Followed
CBI Constitution: Its Structure, Power And Relations With State Police
Insolvency Resolution and Liquidation of Companies under Insolvency and Bankruptcy Ccode
Forms Of Taxation In India
Is Central Excise Applicable On Making Of Fixtures? (A Guide to Central Excise)
E-filing of Income Tax Returns
HOW IS SLUMP SALE TAXED?
How Is Minimum Alternate Tax (MAT) Applicable To A Multi-National Company ?
738 20
Applicability of MAT in Domestic Companies
Guidelines on Corporate Governance of PSUs in India
How Is TDS Deducted On A Software Transaction
ADVANCE TAX
Procurement and Renewal of Liquor License in Maharashtra
What Are The Implications Of Indo-Mauritius Tax Treaty On An MNC?
Tax Treatment of Payment of Brokerage Fee to an Offshore Reinsurer
CLEAN AIR RELATED LAWS IN INDIA
Minority Protection Laws in India
Cyber Crime Detection – Effective Steps Taken By CBI
All You Need To Know About Affidavits
CBI Arrest Guidelines: Process, Procedures and Rules to Follow
Internship Opportunity-Legal Internship-Devgun & Associates
Internship Opportunity-Legal Intern-Prohats Consulting LLP
Internship Opportunity-Legal Internship-Urban Ladder
Price of Justice: A Court Reserved for The Poor
How Is Immovable Property Taxed In India?
Tax Treatment Of Channel Placement Fees
Things To Do If Harassed By The Police
Incorporation of an Arbitration Clause by Reference
739 20
Powers of an Arbitrator to Punish for Contempt
Special Leave Petition – What, How & When
Jewelry Store Licensing & Registration in India – Complete Guide
Internship Opportunity-Legal Internship-Magic Touch Corporate Advisors Pvt Ltd
Internship Opportunity-Legal Internship-Kashish Intellectual Property Group
Internship Opportunities-Fresher Advocate for Internship-Sja & Partners
Job Opportunity-Legal Assistant Manager- Torrent Pharmaceuticals Ltd.
Job Opportunity-Legal Manager-Dmart
What is International Commercial Arbitration
WHAT IS THE HIERARCHY OF ADR IN INDIA IN CONTRAST WITH U.S.
Preliminary Enquiry By CBI – Everything You Need To Know
What are the tax benefits for a Special Economic Zone in India?
Everything You Want to Know About Marriage Registration Laws in India
What is women empowerment all about?
How to co-invest with another investor
Job Opportunity-Deputy Manager Legal-Sobha Limited
Job Opportunity-Legal Manager-Vertex Homes Pvt Ltd
ARBITRATION IN EPC CONTRACT
What to do if employer does not pay salary
Share Transfer Legal Requirements – Restrictions for Public & Private Company
740 20
Shares Transfer or Transmission in a Private Limited Company
Witness Protection Program in Delhi
INTERFACE BETWEEN PUBLIC POLICY AND ARBITRATION
Implications of Indo-Singapore Tax Treaty on Indian Companies operating in Singapore
An Analysis Of The Principle Of Proportional Representation For Appointment Of Directors
ESOPs (Employee Stock Option Plans) in India – How Much Do You Know?
 Goods And Service Tax : Impact On Agricultural Sector
The Advantages of Advance Pricing Agreements
Illegal Detention
How And When To Make A Last Will And Testament?
What all Indians should know about SARFAESI Act, 2002
Job Opportunity-Legal Officer-Murugappa Group
Job Opportunity-Senior Legal Manager-Allanasons Pvt Ltd
Job Opportunity-Legal and Compliance- Angel Broking Private Limited
Job Opportunity-Senior Executive Legal-ibibo Group Pvt Ltd
Constitutionality of NJAC and Replacing Collegium System
Commercial Surrogacy Law in India
Anti-bullying Laws in India for Schools, Colleges & Cyber World
Issue Of Shares With Differential Voting Rights
What legal steps to take if a neighbour poisons your dog or pet
741 20
Professional ethics in law
Internship at Cliklawyer
What is Dividend Distribution Tax and when is it applicable?
General Anti-Avoidance Rule (GAAR) And Its Functioning – A Study
How Income Is Taxed On Transfer Of Intangible Assets
Google, Amazon, And Starbucks: Big Players Of Tax Shaming
International Humanitarian Law and Its Effect on Indian Law
How Are Educational Institutions Taxed
The problems of limitation under the Arbitration Act of 1996
Supreme Court Once Again Taking Away Freedom in the Name of Nationalism
Overview of Surrogacy Regulation Bill 2016
The Law Commission Report on Amendments to Arbitration and Conciliation Act
Clearing the air: Application of Part I on Arbitration Agreements preceding BALCO
Job Opportunity-Legal Assistant-Lakshachandi Realty
Job Opportunity-Legal General Manager- Runwal Projects Pvt Ltd
Job Opportunity-Legal National Head-Blue Genes Research
Job Opportunity-Legal Senior Manager-Essar Oil Limited
Job Opportunity-Legal Researcher- Intelliswift Software India Pvt Ltd
Job Opportunity-Legal Head- Weizamann Limited
Impact of London Court of International Arbitration in India
742 20
Authorized Dealers for Handling Foreign Exchange
Conflicts That May Arise In Appointing An Arbitrator
Effectiveness Of Arbitration As A Dispute Resolution Mechanism In E-Commerce
Arbitration in the cases of Sexual Harassment
Arbitration in Environmental disputes
Job Opportunity-Group Manager Legal-Sky Horizons
Job Opportunity-AVP VP Legal-Frankfinn Aviation Services Pvt Ltd
Job Opportunity-Sr Legal Associate-Oasis
Role of Chief Justice in appointment of Arbitrator
How does CBI decide which complaints to act on and which to reject
The Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2015: An Overview
Internet Governance and India
An Analysis on the Taxation Law (Second Amendment) Bill  
How to break into finance as a lawyer
RESPONSIBILITY OF AUDITORS OF COMPANY IN REPORTING FRAUD
Section 80 Of CPC And ADR: An Analysis
Job Opportunity-Legal Counsel-TATA Communications
Book Excerpt: Defying the Dictum by Vinay Biradar
Advantages of Arbitration over Litigation in IPR Disputes
Importance Of Arbitration In Government Contracts
743 20
Job Opportunity-Legal Manager Sr. Manager- Vibgyor High School
Applicability of law of limitation to Arbitration
Arbitration on Matrimonial and Family Matters
Sports Law in India
Responsibilities of Foreign Directors in foreign companies operating in India
Job Opportunity-Legal Manager-Larsen & Toubro
Job Opportunity-Contract Management Legal-Accenture
Job Opportunity- Deputy Manager – Legal/secretarial – Max Healthcare Ltd
Job Opportunity-Legal Counsel-Cipla Ltd
Job Opportunity-Legal Counsel Trademark- Novo Nordisk Centre (India) Pvt Ltd
Online Arbitration: Emerging Trends With Examples
Patent Illegality As A Ground For Setting Aside An Arbitral Award
Enforcement Of Foreign Arbitral Awards For An MNC  Situated In India
Prescription Of Time Limit For Rendering Of Arbitral Award
Job Opportunity-Legal Advisor- Signet Automation Engineers Pvt Ltd
Job Opportunity-Senior Associate Legal- sumati legal services
Job Opportunity-Legal Manager-Delhi Placement Bureau
Job Opportunity-AGM Legal- Brick Eagle Group Private Limited
Job Opportunity-Legal Manager-Intec Capital Ltd
Transfer Pricing Disputes in Offshore Jurisdictions
744 20
A Layman’s Solution Manual To Property Disputes Arising In Flats In In Gujarat, Maharashtra And Goa
Career As A Lawyer: 9 Skills That Will Make You A Successful Lawyer
How To Get A Building Permit In Delhi, Gurgaon And Noida
Job Opportunity-kS Legal & Associates-Corporate Lawyers and Litigation Lawyers-
Job Opportunity-Company Secretary-Ireo Management pvt ltd
Job Opportunity-Legal Am Manager-Sr Manager/Client of Careerist Management Consultant
Job Opportunity-Legal Assistant Manager-Capital First Ltd
Job Opportunity-Legal Executive-Aarde Technosoft Pvt Ltd
Labour Law Compliances To Be Undertaken By The Manufacturing Industry
An Analysis On The Right To Strike In The Light Of Maruti Case Study
Social Security And The 2nd National Commission On Labour
Supreme Court’s ‘stand’ on playing the National Anthem in cinema halls
Job Oportunity-Legal Executive-Triaa Housing
Job Opportunity-Legal Sr Manager-One Mobikwik System Pvt Ltd
Job Opportunity-Legal Counsel-Cipla Ltd
Minimum Wages Hike For Unskilled Labourers In The Agriculture Sector
How Can Labour Legislation Promote Make In India?
An Overview Of The Amendments Brought Under The Child Labour Act
Applicability Of Standing Orders Act To Karnataka’s IT Industry
Job Opportunity-AM Manager Legal-Gi Group
745 20
Make a difference in how law is used in the country by creating awesome content at iPleaders
Job Opportunity-Senior Legal Manager-Vatika Group
Job Opportunity-Legal Officer-Sattva group
Job Opportunity-CS Intern-Reliance Mutual Fund
A Critical Analysis Of The Payment Of Bonus Act, 1965
Constitutional Values And Labour Welfare
Industrial Dispute Settlement Machineries
What Are The Labour Law Compliances Required For A Firecracker Industry
An Analysis Of The Labour Unrest At Honda
Job Opportunity-Legal Executive-Lodha Group
Medical Negligence: Liability of Hospitals
How to get your credit rating? What are the factors that might affect the credit rating?
Can AN NGO Be Merged With Another NGO
Handling Law School Bitchiness
What Do Law Students Do if They Can’t Land a Law Firm Job?
Insider/ Price Sensitive Information- The Basic Concept
Which Side Have You Taken?
Why My Death Is So Important In My Life
5 Things You Should Not Do in Law School
LL.M. in IP Law from Nottingham University
746 20
What’s Your Job Profile? An Entrepreneur’s Mantra
Why Business Law and Our Experimental Workshop In Goa
Overconfident? So what? Analyzing Overconfidence
How to Not Turn Your Kickass Internship Into Got-kicked-in-ass internship
Is an LLM from Oxford helpful for a career in litigation?
Achievement And The Role Of Free Will
How to Do Work that is Awesome
How to Have a Productive Day and Productivity Killers
Puzzles About Market Failures
How do You Respond To A Problem? Emotional, Analytical and Pre-prepared Responses
A Super-simplified Method to Achieving Anything
Do You Live in State of Denial?
For a Not So Nondescript Life
How I Topped Law School
What can you do to become a powerful lawyer?
Experience of a Young Litigating Lawyer
An Interview With Ankit Dhadda, Founder of GyanCentral
An Argument For Not Working Until Your Ass is On Fire
A Fireball of Ideas
Never Eat Alone: Review
747 20
CLAT-apult: a law coaching by NLU grads
What is the Key To Success
Getting Past Scepticism
Who Are You – Explore Your Identity Canvas
How to Build Your Own Professional Network
Studying at a law school: how is it?
Did you just fail at something?
Job Opportunity-Inhouse Legal Counsel-ASUS INDIA
Living An Amazing Life
Know This Law School: NALSAR, Hyderabad
Job Opportunity-Legal Counsel-Swiss Re
What I Learned During My Internship At UPSLSA (Uttar Pradesh State Legal Services Authority)
Job Opportunity-Legal Consultant-SGCO AND CO.
Job Opportunity-Academic Counsellors-iPleaders
What I Learned As An Intern At Times of India
What Should You Do When You Break Up – A Checklist
What the Hare Ramas taught me about Happiness
A Brief Analysis On The Maruti’s Labour Unrest And Strike
All About Lock-in And Penalty Clauses
Labour Law Compliances Checklist Under The Sexual Harassment Of Women At Workplace Act, 2013
748 20
All About Labour Law Compliance For Sick Industrial Companies (SICA)
All About Dispute Resolution Machinery and Provisions For Appeal Under Employees’ Provident Fund And Misc. Provisions Act, 1952
Why I Decided To Study Law And My Experience At ITM Law School, Gurgaon
My Best Law Internship And Why It Was The Best
What An MD Of A 100cr+ Business Empire Taught Me About Public Speaking
This is One Skill I Learnt That Truly Changed My Life: Speed Reading in Law School
What Happens When A Dreamy Eyed Law Student Goes To Intern At Tis Hazari Court?
What I Have Learned From My Two Internships At District Courts
Why I Left IIT Kanpur To Join A Law School
What I Learnt About The Legal Profession While Interning At The Dwarka Court under an Advocate
What Makes A Good Law Review Editor
How is it to intern under a Lawyer at The Supreme Court of India
Book review: The Story of Delhi Durbar
My Experience at Campus Law Center, Delhi University
Job Opportunity-Legal Manager-HUAWEI
Job Opportunity-Senior Legal Associate-Sumati Legal Services
Job Opportunity-Advocates-Kps Advocates
Job Opportunity-Associates-Trust Legal
Why I Decided To Study Law And My Experience At JGLS (Jindal Global Law School)
Where Do Ideas Come From
749 20
Ragging =/= Cool. Why Raggers Suck More Than Ragging Does.
My Top 3 Internships And What I Learnt From Them
My Two Years At Amity Law School, Rajasthan
Networking In Law School
Sail like Sindbad: The Goal and Life in Law School
Student Politics And Elections at Faculty of Law, University of Delhi
Prepare for CLAT : How To Kickstart Your General Knowledge
Talk To The World
The Art of Writing Projects in Law School: How to Research and Structure Your Paper
How to ask for help
The Company You Keep – Winners or Losers
The Application of The Supreme Principle of Morality (of Immanuel Kant) In The Decisions We Take In Everyday Life
National Law University and Judicial Academy, Assam: The Wind Of Change
The Inexorable March of Change : How To Bounce Back to Speed Grid After A Failure
The Rot in the Legal Education System: Is There A Cure?
The State Of Homosexuality Rights Around The World
My Three Best Internships So Far
My Moot Court Experience: Runner Up At Amity Jaipur Moot
My 5 Years Of Studying Law At Lucknow University
My Four Years At The Law School, DSNLU.
750 20
Know This Law School: NUJS
Kindness of Strangers
Know this Law School: RGNUL
How is life in a law firm
Why you should never startup
How to be amazing at your work
My 3 Semesters in CNLU, Patna: Life And Times
Mooting Tips: First Things To Do When You Get A Moot Problem
My Experience Of Studying At Lloyd Law College For 4 years
My Experience of Studying Law at Amity University, Lucknow
My Experience of Winning Two Debates And What It Takes To Win Formal Debates
My experience of working as the convenor of the Moot Court Society at Lloyd
My Experience of Working With Navjyoti India Foundation and Dr. Kiran Bedi
My Experience of Working With The Red Cross Society
My Four Years at Army Institute of Law, Mohali
In freedom of speech more important than religion? In context of Ram ke Naam
Why you should consider doing an LLM
I Interned At Tihar Jail And This Is What I Saw There
How to tell which startup will work
How To Write Internship or Job Application Cover Letter for Law students
751 20
How to Draft a Good Moot Court Memorial
A Dual LL.M. from NYU and NUS?
Foreign Law Firm – Work Culture and Opportunities
Everyone Thought I Will Fail My Boards. I Was Not Ready To Be A Failure: Journey of a Law Student
Economics: Is it a science at all?
What’s Wrong With Legal Education In India
Special Economic Zones and its Tax Structure in Rajasthan
A Quick Guide On Applying To Set Up A SEZ (Special Economic Zone)
How is it to intern at an NGO: Experiences Of a Law School Student
Where should a law student intern in first year of law school
How to choose where to intern
Is There Someone Who Can Make The Legal Kolaveri?
Is 5 Year Law Course Better Than 3 Year Law Course – The Counsel Begs to Differ
How important is legal research to lawyering?
CLAT and NLU Delhi: Cut-off Comparisons and Preference List
Coldreading and The Art of Great Conversation
Special Economic Zone And Their Role And Impact On The International Business Environment
The Law Of Injunction in India
VPP Scam Of Companies Incorporation – how fraudsters are cheating newly incorporated companies
How to use the internet for growth rather than waste your time
752 20
Job Opportunity-Legal Advisor-ATL Education Foundation
Job Opportunity-Assistant Manager Legal-Ansal Housing
Job Opportunity-Associates-Shardul Amarchand Mangaldas and co
Job Opportunity-Litigation profile-DSK legal
Do You Have a Skills Section in Your Resume?
Diary Of A 20 Something: Why you should leave facebook
Confessions of a Law Student: My Tryst With MUN And Law School Life
Job Opportunity-Junior Advocate-Chambers of karthik sundaram
Job Opportunity-Research Associate/Asst Director-FICCI IPR division
Job Opportunity-Sr. Asst Manager/Deputy Manager-FICCI
Comparing Companies Limited By Shares, Limited by Guarantees And Unlimited Companies
Do Law Schools Provide Good Education?
Job Opportunity-Advocate-Akzo Nobel
Job Opportunity-Legal manager- KG Foundations Pvt Ltd
Job Opportunity-Senior Legal Executive- Ramky Enviro Engineers Ltd
Job Opportunity- Verbal Aptitude and Legal Aptitude Faculty – CL Educate Ltd.
Job Opportunity-Legal Officer- Neil Extrulamipack Pvt Ltd
Job Opportunity-Legal Group Head-ENIL Group
Job Opportunity-Sr. Legal Executive-Hettich India Pvt ltd
Job Opportunity-Specialist Legal & Secretarial-Adecco India Pvt Ltd
753 20
Job Opportunity-Sr.Legal Executive-Biocon
Job Opportunity-Senior Legal Manager-WNS
Job Opportunity-Legal Manager-Piramal Enterprise Ltd
Job Opportunity-Legal Officers-Tree House Education & Accessories Ltd
How To Submit An Application For Recognition As A Start-Up Under The Startup India Program
Setting Up A Special Economic Zone In The Form Of Free Trade And Warehousing Zones
Business And Organisational Structure Of The Bombay Stock Exchange
All About Private Trusts
An Overview Of State Government/Private SEZs Notified/Approved Prior To The SEZ Act, 2005
The Advantages And The Disadvantages Of A Syndicate Loan
An Overview Of The Business Structure Of Bandhan Bank
Procedure For Setting Up A Branch Office In India By A Foreign Company
Choosing The Right Business Structure
All About Syndicate Loans
Analysis Of Price Of Shares Issued To Residents Outside India
Analyzing Claw-Back Clauses In The Employment Sector
What Is The Procedure Of An Online FDI
Law student receives mentorship and judicial internship through online course at NUJS
Job Opportunity-Legal Executive-Adjuva Legal
Job Opportunity-Law Clerk Cum Research Assistants-Karnataka High Court
754 20
All About The Different Categories Of FDI In Indian Companies
All About Holding Companies and Investments Made Through Holding Companies
Job Opportunity-Liasoning Executive-Paranjape Scheme Constructions Pvt Ltd
Job Opportunity-Legal Litigation Team-Kotak Mahindra Bank
Job opportunity-Legal assistant manager-Seclore technology pvt ltd
Differentiating Between Foreign Domestic Investment And External Commercial Borrowing
What Is The FDI Policy Of India In E-Commerce?
An Overview Of The Compliance Requirements For Investors Under The FDI Policy
How To Make Money Through The Stock Exchange?
What Are The Major Reforms In FDI 2016?
What is Cross Border Investment?
An Analysis On Foreign Direct Investment In Retail Trade
Evolution Of Foreign Investment In India
A Critical Analysis On Foreign Direct Investment
Choosing Between The Formation Of A Trust Or The Formation Of A Society
FDI Policy Of India In E-Commerce
Structure Of FDI In E-Commerce
A Quick Analysis On The FDI Policy of 2015 And The FDI Policy Of 2016
Why Do Lenders Insist On Security While Agreeing To Provide A Loan?
FDI In India With Regard To E-Commerce Sector
755 20
Job opportunity-Legal manager-Spencers retail ltd
RBI Regulations In External Commercial Borrowing
How To Raise Capital Through Institutional Finance Loans
Advertising Policies Of Law Firms In India
Role Of A Partner And Designated Partner In Limited Liability Partnerships
The Most Suitable Business Structure For Opening Of A Law Firm
Are Diwali card parties legal in Delhi? Can you get arrested?
Job opportunity-Legal secretary-Aditya Birla group
Job opportunity-Team member legal compliance-Cipla Ltd
M Jagadeesh partner of a leading Law Firm in Bangalore, on why he enrolled for an online diploma from NUJS, when he already had a flourishing career
An Overview Of Contractor’s Plant And Machinery Policy Insurance
All you need to kow about Business Continuity Insurance
Five Things To Know About A Caveat
Interns Required – Content Writing
Interns Required – Digital Marketing
Tag Along And Drag Along Rights And Their Enforceability In India
job opportunity-Lead legal compliance counsel-Sap India pvt ltd
Job opportunity-Legal manager-piramal
What Is The Most Suitable Business Structure To Sell Luxury Brands In India
What Is Important In A Confidentiality Agreement Or Non-Disclosure Agreement (NDA)?
756 20
All About Trade Secrets
Media Communication Policy Of A Public Company
An Overview Of The Approval Route In FDI
Media-Communication Policy Of A Private Company
What Is The Duration Of An Angel Investment
Five Reasons Why Bahrain Is Investors Paradise
Public Policy And Setting Aside Of Arbitral Awards: A Never-Ending Challenge For Practitioners
Continuation Of The Whole Time Director As Per Companies Act, 2013
Usage Of Annual Reports and Prospectus As Pieces OF Evidence
Differentiating Between ‘White Collar’ And ‘Blue Collar’ Employment
What Is The Legal Validity Of Pre-Employment Screening Policy
RBI Guidelines For Business Structuring Of A Bank
How Much Money Is Needed To Raise A Child In India
Job opportunity-Legal officers only females-Tree House
Job opportunity-legal manager-Personnel search services
How To Get A Good Job In The Legal Industry
When Should One Apply For Further Studies In The Legal Sector
How To Find Work In The Corporate Legal Sector
Selecting The Right Legal Career
Choosing The Right Specialization – IPR Or TAX
757 20
Choosing The Correct Legal Field
Internship Advice For A Lawyer Wanting To Get Into Litigation
A Legal Career As An In-house Counsel
A Guide To Choosing The Correct Field in Law
Job opportunity-Assistant manager secretarial and legal-Infiniti retail ltd
How To Find Employment In The Legal Section Of A Telecom Company
How To Prepare Effectively For The Civil Service Examination
An Overview Of The New Legal Concepts Introduced Into The Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016
Things You Can Do After Pursuing Law
How to Structure a Non-Profit Organization
What To Do When You Receive Notices Sent By The MCA and The ROC
Job opportunity-Circle legal head-Aircel
job opportunity-contract management associate-Accenture
What Are The Key Covenants Of An Agency Agreement?
Structuring Advice For An FMCG Company From Delhi Wanting To Open A BPO In Philippines
What are the Advantages and Disadvantage of Strategic Investment ?
How To Start A Sports Club In India
What To Do In Case Of A Notice From The Tax Authorities?
Job opportunity-Senior associate and junior associate-Singhania & co
job opportunity-Legal executive-Indusind bank
758 20
Job opportunity-Senior manager legal-Indiana gratings pvt ltd
Job opportunity-CB legal agreement -Team member-JP Morgan
Job opportunity-Legal assistant manager-Hbs realtors pvt ltd
Job opportunity-Senior Associate (legal)-Sumati Associates
Dhruv Gupta, on why he enrolled for an online course from NUJS, after a masters from NALSAR and LLB from DU
Job opportunity-Legal executive-Client of lobo staffing solutions pvt ltd
Job opportunity-Legal manager-Neilson company
Job opportunity-Legal manager-Alstrong enterprise
Job opportunity-Assistant manager (legal)-Stock holding corporation of India
How To Choose A Name For Your Business
A Comparative Study On The Annual Compliance To Be Made By Different Business Structures
One Person Company: A Success Story
What Is ‘Adaptation’ Under Copyright Law?
Eight Reasons Why Law Firms Reconstitute Themselves As LLPs From Partnerships
One Person Company – An Overview
Job opportunity – Senior Legal Counsel – Airbus Group
Job opportunity-Legal derivatives lawyers-Citi bank
Job opportunity-Legal officer-Eastern petroleum pvt ltd
Job opportunity-Deputy manager legal-Future generali India life insurance co ltd
Job opportunity-Legal and compliance associate-Dupont
759 20
Job opportunity-Legal manager-Dmart
Co-Founder’s Agreement – Disputes and Suggestions
What To Do If A Business Receives A Legal Notice?
Job opportunity-legal deputy manager-Mantri developers
Job opportunity-Legal manager-Alstrong Enterprise India pvt ltd
Job opportunity-Associate legal counsel-Mahindra logistics
Job opportunity-Legal manager-Grofers
Job opportunity-Assistant /deputy manager legal process outsourcing-Wipro bps
Job opportunity-Legal executive-Max healthcare
Job opportunity-Legal executive-Sharekhan
Job opportunity-Legal manager-Gitanjali
Job opportunity-Manager/senior manager legal-Augusta infotech
Incorporating a One Person Company in India
When Should You Consider Converting A Sole Proprietorship Into A Company?
Private Placement: What’s Different In The New Companies Act
Job opportunity-Legal research specialist-Altisource
Job opportunity-Advocate -SMC Group
Job Opportunity-Assistant legal manager-Intec capital limited
Job opportunity-Legal manager-Richfeel Health And Beauty Pvt. ltd
Legal Trainee
760 20
Senior Manager Legal
Tresa Ajay, a third year law student, on how the NUJS diploma is helping her have an edge over others
Mehak Gupta, a corporate Law associate, on how the NUJS diploma is adding value to her profile and helping her career
Under What Conditions Can New Shares Be Issued – An Overview
How Does The Companies Act Identify Related Parties And Related Party Transactions?
Job opportunity – Legal Assistant – Ajit Properties, New Delhi
What Do You Mean By Return Of Allotment Of Securities
Ananya Banerjee, founder Unico Legale on how the NUJS diploma course benefited her
What is Corporate Social Responsibility?
Companies Act 1956 And 2013 And Its Effect On Raising Capital
What Do You Mean By Acquisition?
Annual General Meeting – Concept And Its Application
Basics of Principled Negotiation
Procedure For Transfer Of Shares Of A Public Company
A final year law student, on how the NUJS online diploma is enhancing his knowledge and empowering him
How Can An Investor Exit From A Private Company?
An Overview On Compulsory Licensing In India
Stamp Duty And Its Significance In Agreements
Liability of Joint Venture Partners
Moral Right Of An Author Under Indian Copyright Act
761 20
Procedure Of Issuing Share Certificates
Significance Of SCRA,1956 In Raising Investment
When Can A Company Issue Securities To The Public?
Steps Involved In Asset Sale From One Company to Another In India
Sumit Sengupta; on why he enrolled for an online diploma from NUJS and how it’s helping him grow in his career
Issuance of Secured Debentures
What Are The Rules and Regulations Prescribed For Raising Capital?
What is the concept of ‘Compulsory License’ under the Patents Act, 1970
Process For Transfer Of Shares
Basic Aspects of the Goods and Services Tax Act, 2016
A Detailed Note On Licenses By Owners Of Copyright
Private Placement In Public
Stock Exchange: An Intermediary Between Companies And Investors
Can Debentures Be Converted Into Shares And Vice-Versa?
Post-Grant Opposition Of Patent In India
What Are The Major Provisions Contained In The SICLD Act, 2000?
Remedies Available To A Person For Infringement Of Copyright
What is the concept of Assignment of Copyright?
Essentials Of Section 52A Of The Copyright Act, 1957
Elucidation Of Interlocutory Applications And It’s Implementation
762 20
Concept of ‘Tacking-On’ Under The Trademark Laws
An Overview on Standard Essential Patent
Mechanisms for Dispute Resolution Concerning Assignment of Licenses
Implications Of Plain Packaging For Cigarettes On IPR
An Overview On The Roche Vs. Cipla Dispute
Conventional Application: How and Why
Reliance Industries Ltd. V. Concord Enviro Systems Pvt. Ltd
Can Any Product Be Named After A Celebrity Without Obtaining Any Prior Permission?
Semiconductor Integrated Circuit Layout Design Act, 2000
Permanent Lok Adalats- A Critical Study
Role Of ADR In Mergers And Takeovers
A Critical Analysis Of Party Autonomy In Arbitration
Validity of Online Arbitration in India
Public Policy And Foreign Arbitral Award
Key features of SEBI (Underwriters) Regulations
Choice Of Law In International Arbitration Agreement
Mediation in Divorce
Rectification of Domestic Arbitral Award: Contemporary Scenario in India
Security For Cost Incurred While Conducting Arbitral Proceedings
Stages At Which Court Intervention Is Possible During Arbitration
763 20
Companies That Should Essentially Have Articles Of Association
Bicameral Conflict Resolution In The European Union: An Empirical Analysis Of Conciliation Committee Bargains
Conciliation Proceedings Under The Industrial Dispute Act
Impartiality And Independence Of Arbitrators
Tax Deductibility On Gifts To Clients On Birthdays And Festive Occasions
What Is Meant By Shareholder Meeting?
Novation Of Contract Of Apprentices
Evidence In Arbitral Proceeding
What Are The Appellate Arbitral Rules In International Commercial Arbitration?
Conciliation As A Process To Resolve Business Disputes
Why Do Models Of Corporate Governance Vary Across The Globe?
Circumstances Where The Director Will Not Be Responsible For The Actions Of The Company
Role Of Audit Committee In Related Party Transactions
Ad Hoc and Institutional Arbitration in International Arbitrations
Process Of Calling A Board Meeting Under Companies Act, 2013
The Basics Of Insider Trading
Accountability Of Auditors Of A Company – An Overview
An Overview On Stakeholder Relationship Committee
Analysis Of Amendments Made To Clause 49 Of Listing Agreement Of SEBI
Compulsorily Convertible Debentures and Compulsorily Non-Convertible Debentures
764 20
Provisions For The Protection Of The Investor Under The Companies Act, 2013
Doctrine Of Indoor Management
Compounding of Offences Under The Companies Act, 2013
What Are The Integral Areas Of Corporate Reporting In Narrative Responsibility?
What Is The Liability Of Sharekhan If Shares Fraud Is Committed Using Their Portal?
Liability Of E-Wallets In Credit Card Frauds
Sole Proprietorship Versus One Person Company
All you need to know about Consumer Protection Laws in India
Legal Challenges for App Developers
Need For Corporate Governance For An Enterprise
Right To Be Forgotten: Google Spain Sl Vs. Mario Costeja González
Consumer Protection in E-Commerce
Conversion Of Sole Proprietorship Into Partnership
Referring To The Reference: How Tight Is The Noose Of Abatement?
Minutes of a Board Meeting
Legal And Illegal Use Of Pellet Guns In India
Procedure For Starting Small Scale Industries In India
Cloud Computing Agreements – An Overview
Liability Of Internet Service Providers In Infringement Of Online Trademarks
Need For A Responsive Corporate Reporting System In India
765 20
Protection Of The Rights Of Minority Shareholders
Remittance by Foreign Companies and Repatriation of Dividends
What Is The Process Of Investigating International Cybercrime?
Foreign Direct Investment: A Look Through
Now You Can Turn Your Black Money White Legally
Importance Of Corporate Communication With Respect To Media And Advertising Relations
Licensing Under The Karnataka Factories Rules, 1969
Process Of Declaration Of Dividend
Regulations Surrounding Board of Directors
Positions That Are Eligible For Executive Compensation
Liability Of The Director Of A Private Company Under The Income Tax Act
Copyright Infringement Through Internet
Essentials Of A Listing Agreement
Mergers Under The Companies Act, 2013
Countries Barring Zero-Rating Policy: Why?
Provisions For General Prohibition Of Strikes And Lockouts
Comparison Between The Privacy Policy Of Snapchat And Instagram
Planned Economic Reforms Related To The MSME Industry In India
Benefits for MSMEs Under The Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises Development Act, 2006
Ayushi Gupta, associate at Meharia & Co Delhi, on why she enrolled for an online diploma from NUJS and how it is helping her career
766 20
Can A Minor Apply For Digital Signature?
How Does Cyber-crime Cell Work In India?
How Does Cybercrime Affect Sports Industry?
What Are The Laws Related To Telemarketing In India?
Importance Of Cyberspace For Economic Growth And Development
An Overview On Laws Against Spamming In India
Steps That Companies Can Take To Avoid Data Theft
The Concept Of Deputation Of Employees
Duties Of The Employer Under The Equal Remuneration Act, 1976
Comparative Study Of Protection Of Database In US, EU, And India
Minimum Wages Act, 1948 In Punjab With Reference To Central Law And Penalty For Non-Compliance
What Was The Intent Behind Enactment Of The Shops And Establishment Act?
Penalties And Procedure For Non-Compliance Under The Contract Labour (Regulation and Abolition) Act, 1970
Working Hour Regulations Under The Delhi Shops And Establishments Act, 1954
Copyright law for Fashion Designers In India
Glorification Of Terrorists In Kashmir
Harshal Joshi, Legal Head India at the Legal Dog LLC, on how the NUJS diploma course benefited him
Undertaking a Private Placement
Is It Possible To Ratify A Related Party Transaction Made Without Approval?
Accounting System To Be Followed By Partnership Firms And LLPs
767 20
What Is The Cap On Compensation To KMPs In India?
Directors’ Responsibilities Regarding Accounting And Reporting Of Companies
The Satyam Scandal and It’s Effect on Corporate Governance Strategies in India
Effective Success Tips For Law Students
Relevance Of The Software Technology Parks Scheme Of India, 2016
Relevance Of Major And Minor Ports In International Trade
Tax Aspects Of ‘Start-Up India, Stand Up India’
Class Action Suits Under Companies Act, 2013
How To Get Quoted in Times of India As An Expert On Gambling Law While You Are a 4th Year Law Student
Appointment Of Additional Directors In A Company
Distribution Waterfall – An Overview
Can An AGM Be Held At Any Place Other Than At The Registered Office Of The Company?
Procedure and Duration For Claiming  A Tax Refund
Impounding a Passport under the Passports Act
Legal Sources of Cost Auditing in India
How to E-Verify Income Tax Returns
Return of Income and Different Modes of Filing Return of Income
Triggering Of Open Offer Beyond The Threshold Limit Under SEBI (SAST) Regulations
Binding Action Of A No-Action Letter Or An Interpretive Letter Issued By SEBI On The Board
What Are The Documents To Be Submitted To The AD Bank At The Time Of Closure Of The Liaison/ Branch Office?
768 20
Are Donations Received In Kind Considered As Foreign Contribution?
Tax Provisions Applicable To Earnings From Foreign Clients In Lieu Of Goods Sold Or Services Rendered – An Overview
What Should You Keep In Mind If You Invest In A Friend’s Business
Process Of Raising Funds Through Non-Convertible Debentures
Export From India To Pakistan Or Bangladesh By River
Top 5 Transfer Pricing Rulings Of 2015 – 2016
Essential Features of GST
Power Of Tax Authorities To Demand Tax Retrospectively
Applicability Of Indian Accounting Standards On Companies
External Commercial Borrowing Regulations and FEMA Guidelines
Nostro And Vostro Accounts – An Overview
Investing In Mutual Funds In India
Five Rescue Tools To stay Updated On Your Area Of Interest
Five Experiences as a First Year Student in a Law School
Can Funds Received Through DRs And FCCBs Be Treated As FDI?
Regulatory Requirements For Opening LOs/BOs/POs In India
Foreign Direct Investment – Difference Between FERA And FEMA
Major Changes In FDI Policy In 2015-16
Five Things I Learnt While Working With The Center Of International Trade And Economic Law
Temporary Injunctions In India
769 20
All You Need To Know About Leveraged Buyouts
Comparative Study Of Insider Trading Regulations 1992 and 2015
All A Foreigner Needs To Know About Investing In Mutual Funds In India
Who is Eligible to Lend Money by Way of ECB?
Debt Collection and Money Recovery in India: Challenges and Solutions
What Are The Regulations For Syndicated Loans With Foreign Banks?
Warrants Under Capital Market Regulations
Intellectual Property Issues In Joint Ventures
Can NRIs Acquire Shares of Nidhi Company on Non-Repatriation or Repatriation Basis?
Irretrievable Breakdown of Marriage – History, Applicability and Current Status in India
An Overview On The Working of Dispute Resolutions Provisions In Joint Ventures
Small Businesses Mint Big Profits In Dubai
Dying Declaration – Importance In Burn Cases
Judicial Activism – The Right To Privacy
Eviction Of Occupants Of Highly Dilapidated Buildings
Ideas And Breach Of Confidentiality
Standard Terms and Policy for Lending To SMEs By A Bank – An Overview
Taxation On An Indian Resident Starting A USA Or Canada-Based Business
Employer’s Responsibilities for Tax Filing of Employees
Periodic Compliance and Information Sharing under SEBI Regulations for Listed Companies
770 20
Due Diligence Checklist – An Overview
Powers of the SEBI Takeover Panel
Five Major FDIs In The Food Processing Industry In India In The Last Two Years
From Yanni to Ujaan: Why Is It Difficult to Have Big Concerts in India and why Michael jackson didn’t pay entertainment tax
Godmen And Signals
How First Year Law Students At UPES Started Jagriti, A Social Initiative In Dehradun
How Story Telling Impacts The Work of Lawyers
Mediation essentials – case study of Delhi High Court rules
Optimizing Mooting For Your Career
Can We Set a Quality Standard For Lawyers in India?
Chanakya’s Philosophy
Permissible Sources For Funding Overseas Direct Investment
When Can Government Cancel Registration Under FCNR?
FIPB Approval For 100% EOUs Involving FDI
Share Acquisition By Software Company Employees Of JV/WOS Abroad
Benefits For Indian Companies Investing In JV/WOS In Netherlands
Can A Private Trust Be Dissolved?
An Overview on the Legal Validity of Put Options
Different Ways To Word A Tag Along Clause
What Are The Penalties For Non-Adherence Of FDI Regulations?
771 20
Service Tax V/S Service Charge
FIR: First Information Report and Police Complaint – How It Works
Structuring Advice For Businesses In Saarc Countries
Service Tax On Educational Courses
Good and Services Tax Bill – An Overview
What Are The Pre-Conditions For Doing An IPO In India For A Start-Up?
How Are Mutual Funds Regulated In India?
Which Businesses Can Register Under the MSMED Act?
Due Diligence Report: what actions are to be taken?
Factors Affecting Your Credit Rating
Conditions Precedent In Investment Transactions
Effect Of Companies Act On Minority Squeeze Out
Constitution of a One Person Company
Criminal Liability Of Directors And Company On Non-Payment Of Taxes
Advantages of an LLP Over a Private Limited Company
Issue Of Shares With Differential Voting Rights – Validity And Procedure
Employer’s Responsibilities For Tax Filing Of Employees
Annual Compliance of Partnership Firms
Regulation Of Buyback Of Securities
Stamp Duty On Investment Transactions in Delhi
772 20
How Can A Foreigner Be A Director Of An Indian Company?
Poison Pill as Takeover Defense
Atanu Biswas, a finance professional, on how an online business law course from NUJS is helping his career
Super Mario Time Management for Law Entrance (CLAT)
My 3 Years In MATS Law School
How to Write a Hard to Refuse Internship Application
A Hacker’s Guide to Success in Law School
Is it useful to moot? Does it help to get recruited?
5 Top Benefits of Blogging (for lawyers)
A Law Students Musings After The First Internship At A Court
Should You Become a Campus Ambassador? What Should You expect?
A Simple Guide For Law Students To Improve Public Speaking
How To Make Courtrooms More Accessible To Visually Challenged People
Blogging @ NALSAR
Why Do You Need An FIRC?
Securities Issued By A Company To Raise Investment
Incorporation Of A Subsidiary In India By A Foreign Company
What Employees Should Know About ESOP Deals
What Is Distribution Waterfall?
Information Memorandum And It’s Importance
773 20
The Concept Of TDS And Statutory Obligations Under It
Impact Of Creation Of NCLT On Corporate Litigation
How Is Arm’s Length Price Compliance Demonstrated?
Independent Director And Its Responsibilities
Business Structuring Ideas For Starting A Private University In India Keeping In Mind That There Is An Investor Who Wants To Exit
When Should Businesses File Advance Tax Returns And Consequences Of Non-Filing?
10 Must Have Clauses In An LLP Agreement That Are Not Prescribed By Default Under The LLP Act
How Should Double Taxation Avoidance Agreements Impact Your Decision To Do Business In A Specific Country?
Wealth Tax System In India
Role Of A Designated Partner In An LLP
How To Obtain A Director Identification Number In India?
The Interrelationship Between Human Rights And Intellectual Property Rights
How To Start A Bookstore In India
Protection Of Minority Shareholders Under The Companies Act, 2013
Stamp Duty On Issuance And Transfer Of Shares
Difference Between Listing Agreement And Listing Regulation (2015)
How To Find Out Who Is Authorized To Take Particular Decisions In A Company
Proccedure to Dissolve a Private Trust
20 Biggest Private Limited Companies In India
How To File An Application For Rectification Of Income Tax?
774 20
Proccedure To Transfer Shares In A Private Company
Structuring A Playschool Business In India
Exemptions Available To Private Companies With Respect To Meetings
New Law Legitimizes Child Labour
Tax Applicable On A Restaurant Bill In India
Structuring Of E-Commerce In India
What Is The Business/Organizational Structure Of BCCI And Why Is It Registered In Tamil Nadu?
Benefit Of Indexation While Computing Capital Gain On transfer Of Short-Term Capital Asset
Powers Of The Compensation Committee Of The Board of Directors
Laws Applicable To A Public Charitable Trust In India
Advantages Of Private Company Over OPC For A Single Founder
Minimum Capital Contribution In LLP – Mandate Or Discretion?
An Overview of Regulations Pertaining to Small Companies
Inducting a New Co-Founder in a Private Company
Harsha Kungwani, research associate at Career Toran on how the NUJS diploma course is helping her
Can A Beneficiary Transfer His/Her Beneficial Ownership In The Trust?
What Are The FDI Rules Regarding Investing In LLPs
An Overview Of Business Structures Suitable For A Venture Funded Software Business
What Structuring Advice Will You Give To An Indian Entrepreneur Who Wants To Expand In The United States?
When Should You Incorporate A Society?
775 20
An Overview of Must-have Clauses in an Advisors Agreement
How Can Founders Of A Trust Earn Money?
Can An NGO Be Merged With Another NGO?
What Clauses Should You Check While Joining An Incubator?
Shivam Dubey, legal executive at Cyril Amarchand Mangaldas, on how an online diploma from NUJS gave him the much needed practical knowledge
States In Which The MSMED Facilitation Is Operational
Online Registration Under The MSMED Act
Why Is Google Headquartered In Ireland?
Annual Compliance Of A Private Trust In India
An Overview On Private Trust In India
Complaints to the Registrar of Companies
Procedure To Change The Name Of A Private Company
Uttam Sharma, associate at Sharma Kajaria and company, on how an online diploma from NUJS helped him get his current job
Kavya B.S, a practicing lawyer, on how the NUJS diploma gave her the much needed practical knowledge of law
Structuring Advice To A US Entrepreneur Who Wants To Expand His Business To India
Structuring Advice To A Big FMCG Company Headquartered In Delhi, INDIA For Opening A BPO In The Philippines
10 Must-Have Clauses In The Articles Of Association That Are Not Prescribed By Default Under Companies Act
Co-founders’ Agreement And The Housing.com Dispute
Impact Of SEBI Alternative Fund Regulation On Investment In India
How To Start An Online Media Company?
776 20
Should You Run A Business As Sole Proprietorship?
Can A Society Acquire A Trust?
How Co-Founders’ Agreement Could Have Helped in TVF Dispute
Structuring Advice To An Entrepreneur From The Middle East Who Wants To Expand His Business To India
Mediation in India
Child Abuse at Work and Its Remedies
An Analysis of the Essential Religious Functions Test
Dispersal of Unlawful Assembly – An Overview
Karta of a Hindu Joint Family – Powers and Responsibilities
Discrepancies In Nomination Papers: An Overview
Human Rights Violation Of the LGBT Community
A Crtitical Analysis on the Need for Change in Indian Environmental Laws
It Changed Everything I Knew About Startups
Is Command over English important for lawyers?
What is Investment Banking – from Liar’s Poker and Wall Street Meat
5 Reasons to Consider Clerking at Moot Courts
5 Things I Learned As An Intern With Mr. Gopal Subramanium
How Does MIT (An Educational Institution) Hold Shares Of Bose Corporation?
A Critical Analysis of Building Regulations in New Delhi
B D Thimmaiah, a startup founder on why he did the NUJS online diploma and how it has empowered him
777 20
Who Sets The Bar For Our Education?
How To form A Limited Liability Partnership?
Procedure for Changing the Name of a Limited Liability Partnership
A Voice for the Voiceless: Elephants in Captivity
Mercantile Law And It’s Sources
India’s Inclusion In the MTCR Group Of Countries
An Analysis of Smoking Laws in India
A practising company secretary, on why she enrolled for the NUJS diploma and how it is enhancing her skills
Which Companies are Required to File VAT in India?
Legal Source of IFRS in India
Legal Framework In India To Protect The Environment
What Stops Human Rights Commission From Working Properly?
Responsibilities Of Foreign Directors In A Foreign Company
Critical Analysis Of The Principle of Res Ipsa Loquitor
Legality Of Talking On Hands-free Or Bluetooth While Driving
Rakshitha, a practicing lawyer on why she did the NUJS diploma course and how it is benefiting her
Devina Ogale, a final year law student pursuing CS, on how she benefited from the NUJS diploma
The Emerging Sports Law In India
Tax Structuring For Outbound Investments From India To The Middle East
Double Taxation Avoidance Agreements
778 20
How to Transfer Shares in a Private Company to the Legal Representative of Deceased Shareholders
How to Appoint a New Director In Case of Death of an Existing Director?
Tracing the Need for the Application of the Doctrine ‘Audi Alteram Partem’ in Legal Service
Transfer Of Risk Under The Sale Of Goods Act
Irregular Migrant Workers
Lifting the Corporate Veil
Misuse Of Public Interest Litigation
Animal rights in India: The most underrated topic of environmental law
Animal Abuse: An Inhumane Treatment against Innocent Ones
Rights Of An Arrested Person
Regulation Of Hate Speech In India
Admissibility of E-Evidence in Indian Courts
Dishonour Of A Cheque And Legal Recourse
Road Accidents And Legal Recourse To Be Taken
Use of Mediation during Divorce Proceedings in India
A Critical Analysis of the Incorporation of Most Private Companies in Mumbai
Anti-Hijacking (Amendment) Bill, 2016
Praveen Kumar; a lawyer, a BBA and above all an organic farmer on how the NUJS diploma course is benefiting him
Overview and Critical Analysis of the Transgender Persons Bill, 2014
Economic Theory of Crime
779 20
Anti-Competitive Agreements
What are Class Action Suits?
Capital Gains and Clever Structuring : The Vodafone Case
Employer’s Liabilities under Labor Laws in India
Analysis and Interpretation of the Arbitration and Conciliation (Amendment) Act, 2015
Effect of Vicarious Liability under Indian laws of Contract
Transfer of Shares in A Society – A Case Study of Maharashtra Ownership of Flats Act, 1963
Impact of Internal Emergency on India
Pornography and Its Legal Recourse in India
Norms for Registering a Company in India
Analysis of the Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances Act, 1985
Maritime Laws in India: Interpretation and Analysis
Find The Registered Address Of A Company On The MCA Website
Structuring Ideas For Starting A Retail Shop In India
Why Do We Need To Replace The Police Act Of 1861?
Redressal Mechanism Under Consumer Protection Act, 1986
Relevance of Expert Witness in Criminal Law
Professional Misconduct under Advocates Act, 1961
Critical Analysis of Corporate Legal Structuring Of Shopclues
Professional Misconduct Under The Advocates Act, 1961
780 20
Professional Ethics In Law
Laws Catering To The Disabled In India
Justice For Rape Victims In India
A Critical Study of Foreigners Acquiring Property in Goa
How to Enforce the Rights of Beneficiaries in a Public Charitable Trust
Partition of a Family Business
Interstate Water Disputes In India
Gender Discrimination In The Legal Profession
The Golden Triangle Of The Indian Constitution
Natural Law And Its Revival
Need For A Specific Legislation For EIA
Lacunae In Environmental Law
How To Open A Bookstore?
How to Fire A Partner From A Limited Liability Partnership?
Is it Possible to Remove a Shareholder of a Company?
Uniqueness Of The Goan Family Laws
Feminist Approach To International Law
A Detailed Comparison between Striking Off and Winding Up
Minor’s Capacity To Enter Into A Contract
Procedure to Change the Name Clause of a LLP
781 20
Women’s Right To Worship In India
What to Look out for in Co-working Space Agreements?
AFSPA – An Abomination In The North East
Victimology – A Separate Field?
Importance Of Paternity Leaves In India
Essentials To Be Included In A Co-Founders’ Agreement
100% FDI In the Defence Sector – Good Or Bad?
Essentials of Travel Insurance Policy
Time is of Essence in a Contract
Medical Negligence And Law In India – An Analysis
100% FDI in the Defence Sector – A Quick Analysis
Role Of Merchant Bankers
Civil Code Of Goa Vs Personal Laws In India
Live-In Relationships
An Overview of Section 390 of the Indian Penal Code
Ponzi Schemes – An Overview
Central Board Of Film Certification – A Reality Check
Trademark For Blogs, Apps And Internet Services
What Are NBFCs?
10 Rights That Every Woman In India Should know
782 20
Circumstantial Evidence – Sole Basis for Conviction Or Not
Pledging Of Shares – An Overview
Chit Fund – An Overview
Legal Provisions For Road Accidents In India
How To Become A B&B Host In India
Brand New Bill Against Trafficking Of Persons
Medical Negligence – Breach Of Patients’ Trust
Discrimination Against Men
All You Need to Know About the Krishi Kalyan Cess
Geospatial Information Regulation Bill – Pros And Cons
Corporate Social Responsibility – A Noble Step
National Green Tribunal Act, 2010 – Aims And Objectives
Should Marijuana Be Legalized In India
How to File a Complaint with the National Human Rights Commission of India
Legal Requirements For Setting Up PGs, Hostels And B&Bs
RTI Act – A Tool That Backfired
Remedies for Breach under Sale of Goods Act
Private International Law and Its Unification
Legal Framework In India To Curb Child Labour
Rights Of Child Born Out Of A Live-in Relationship
783 20
Govt. Compensation To Those Falsely Accused of Terrorism
What Are Vanishing Companies?
Basic Information on the Aadhaar Bill, 2016
Techniques Of Money Laundering
Role Of A Mediator In The Process Of Mediation
Here’s Why You Should Have a Pan Card
Right To Die – India And Around The World
The Product Certification System Of BIS
Illegitimate Children Under Muslim Law
Laws Against Female Foeticide In India
Dishonouring A Cheque
Nemo Dat Quod Non Habet
A Brief Introduction to Nuclear Energy Laws
A Guide to Corporate Responsibility Reporting in India
An Analysis of European Union`s Right to be Forgotten
A Guide to Licensing Trademarks in India
Legal Procedure For Registration Of Marriage in India
Benefits Of The Goods And Service Tax
Rights Of A Firm When Raided For Software Piracy
All that you would need to know about VAT
784 20
Do Crime Against Women get reported in India?
Section 498A of IPC – A Shield or A Weapon?
How To File A Complaint Against Builders In CREDAI
Issues with the Indian judicial system
An Analysis of Delhi Shops Establishment Act, 1954
Unconventional Trademarks
Capital Restructuring and Buyback of Shares
Custody of a Person under Criminal Law in India
Doctrine of Vicarious Liability
The Right to Privacy
What To Do When You’re Being Sexually Harassed
iPleaders is looking for a Relationship Manager
Mergers and Acquisitions – The Concept of Due Diligence
Corporate Social Responsibility
Police Reforms- A Dire Need For A Dying Democracy
International Law Simplified
Webinar On Challenges Faced By Women Lawyers And How To Succeed
An Analysis Of The Apprenticeship Act, 1961
Concept of Strict Liability and Absolute Liability
Due Diligence In M&A Transactions
785 20
Overview Of The Income Declaration Scheme, 2016
The Need For Uniform Civil Code In India
Do We Have The Right To Die?
The Dark Realities Of Triple Talaq
Surrogacy – Commercial Or Ethical?
Plagiarism & Copyright Infringement – What’s The Difference?
Intolerantly Tolerant India – The New Identity
Laws Against Hacking In India
Promoter in India : a look into important aspects
Oppression in the Corporate Sector- The Indian Perspective
Capital punishment in India – An Overview
The Concept of Quasi-Contract
Domain Name Disputes
Constitutionality of Media Trials
Carbon Taxes – A Necessity?
Essentials Of A Contingent Contract
SC Makes It Easier For Good Samaritans To Save Lives
Reservation in Promotion – The M. Nagaraj Case
Need For Laws On Artificial Intelligence In India
Medical Treatment For Terminally Ill Patients’ Bill, 2016
786 20
Ordinance – How The Executive Exercises Legislative Power
Steps for Registration of a Trademark in India
The Strategy Of Brandjacking
Enforceability Of DPSPs Under The Indian Constitution
Securitization In The International Market
Contract With An Undisclosed Principal
Will Elimination Of Subsidies Aid Economic Growth?
Provisions For The Print Disabled Under Copyright Law
All You Need to Know About Distributing Dividends Among the Shareholders by a Company
Duties of a Bailee in a Contract of Bailment
E-contracts – What are Shrink Wrap, Click Wrap, and Browse-Wrap Agreements?
Current Legal Issues with Having Special Laws for Khap Panchayats
Rights Of A Minor In A Partnership
Patent Law in India and the Pharmaceutical Industry
Essentials Of A Contract Of Indemnity
Influence Of GST On The Indian Economy
The Geospatial Information Regulation Bill, 2016
Use of DNA Fingerprinting in Indian Criminal Law
Non-Solicitation and Non-Poaching Agreements
Irretrievable Breakdown of Marriage – A Ground for Divorce?
787 20
The Need for Dental Insurance in India
Surrogacy Contracts And The Indian Contracts Act
Implied Conditions as to Fitness and Quality of Goods
Marital Rape – Still Not A Crime In India
Impact Of E-Commerce On SMEs
The Legal Framework Of Inter-Country Adoption
How Does Fiscal Federalism Work In India?
What Is The Doctrine Of Clog On Redemption?
The Ken Betwa Controversy: An Insight
An Introduction to International Environmental Law: Bali and Copenhagen on the Map
iPleaders is looking for a Research Associate and Course Administrator
8 Reasons Why Reading John Grisham Novels Is Important For Lawyers and Law Students
iPleaders is looking for Public Relations and Content Marketing Manager
iPleaders is looking for Sales and Marketing Associates
Know this Law School: NALSAR
Divye Bahadur; Associate at Trilegal, on how the NUJS online diploma prepared him for this role
Rights Available To The Mentally Disabled In India
Rights Of An Unborn Child In USA And India – A Comparison
An Elementary Overview Of License In India
Why Are Anti-Terrorism Laws Necessary In India?
788 20
Analysis Of The Commercial Courts Act, 2016
How Is Agricultural Income Taxed?
The Legal and Conceptual Aspects of Anti-Dumping Laws Relating to India
Oil Prices And Its Impact On India
Right To Maintenance Of Muslim Women
Revisiting The Language Policy Of India
What Is A Reverse Onus Clause In Criminal Law?
Preventive Detention – How Far Is It Justified?
Is Compulsory Registration Of Marriage In India Feasible?
Producer Companies – How Do They Operate?
Why Should We Be Relying on the GST Bill to Solve India’s Taxation Conundrums?
Intellectual Property Rights in the Video-Games Industry
Indian Judiciary and Fake Encounter Cases : Guidelines for Investigation
Is Ad Blocking on the Internet Legal?
Euthanasia – present scenario in India
Mens Rea And Actus Reus – Essentials Of A Crime
Ritunjay Gupta; Associate at a top Law firm in Delhi, on why he enrolled for an online diploma from NUJS and how it is helping his career
Discriminatory Muslim Laws Against Women
Culpable Homicide Or Murder?
Poor Quality Of Food Served In The Indian Railways
789 20
Startup Valuation – How Is It Done?
Trespass: Meaning, Nature, Types, Defenses and Case Laws
Doctrine of Respondeat Superior: A Legal Interpretation
The Menace Of Binge Drinking In India
Madrassa Modernization in Maharashtra: Legal Issues
Contract Through Postage And Telephone
Does Copyright Law Protect Ideas?
Does A Ban on Alcohol Consumption Really Help?
Dowry Death and Cruelty in Indian Law: Suggested Reforms
Custodial Death – Who is Responsible?
No Relief For Wife Under Domestic Violence Act Unless In ‘Relationship’
Post-Employment Non-Compete Clauses
All You Need To Know About FCNR Accounts
Data Protection Laws In India: A Quick Preview
Cyberstalking: A Crime or A Tort
Royalties – This Is How Performers Earn Money
SVS Ravi Kiran; Deputy Manager Legal at one of the world’s leading Pharmaceutical companies on why he enrolled for an online diploma from NUJS and how it is helping him in his career
Do Non-Disclosure Agreements Exploit Employees?
Loopholes In The 2006 Draft Tribal Policy of India
Caste Discrimination and Its Reportage in India: A Critical Analysis
790 20
Legalising Prostitution – The Debate
Everything You Wanted to Know About Qualified Institutional Buyers
Decoding the Entrenchment Clause as Provided by the Companies Act, 2013
Inter-country Adoption – What Are The Legal Safeguards?
Deductibility Provisions for Gifts to Business Clients by Businesses
How Is Plea Bargaining In India Different From USA?
How Can You Protect Your Privacy When You’re Famous?
Enforceability Of Non-Compete Clauses In India
It Is Always A Woman Who Is Raped and A Man Who Rapes?
Analysis of Judicial Interpretation of Section 295A IPC
Bank Account For Trusts – How They’re Set Up
Critical Analysis of India’s Civil Nuclear Liability Law
Anti-dumping Laws in India
All About Ambush Marketing
All About E-Signatures
Legal Provisions for Elders Under Indian Law
Role Of Arbitration In Consumer Contracts In India
How Can Tort Law Be Applied In Sports?
Know The ABC of Mass Torts
All You Need To Know About ‘Make In India’
791 20
Pranusha Kulkarni; A Research Associate At The Centre for Social Justice, On Why She Joined The NUJS Business Law Diploma Course
Civil Procedure Code: A Quick Peak
Indian Evidence Act: In a Nutshell
Fundamentals Of Criminal Procedure Code
Understand The Basics Of Consumer Protection Law
Analysis Of The Amenability Of The Preamble
Substantive Rights That Flow From Article 21
What Are The Duties Of A Liquidator?
Sourendra Mohan Chattaraj; Who runs an ICSE & ISC Board school, on why he joined the NUJS Business Law diploma course and how it is helping him in his current role
Talent is a curse
If We Are Any Better Than A Colony Of Virus
3 Rules for Instant Breakthroughs
Madhav Shankar; An NLU Delhi final year student on why he enrolled for an online diploma from NUJS and how it is helping his career
3 Traits to look For In People That You Are Hiring or Planning to Work With
5 Reasons Why Law Students Should Learn Parliamentary Debate
5 Things I Have Learnt By Working As A Research Assistant For Authors
iPleaders Is Looking For A Webinar Co-ordinator
Cliklawyer, A Delhi-based Legal-Tech Startup Is Inviting Applications For Empanelment From Young Litigators Across India
Is Entrepreneurship A Good Career For Lawyers?
The Must-Know Family Law Summary
792 20
How Do Environmental Laws Affect Us?
Intellectual Property Law – All You Need To Know
Why Trademark Infringement In India Matters?
Procedure for the Buy-Back of Shares and Other Securities by an Unlisted Company
Everything You Need To Know About Company Law
The Rights of Illegitimate Children under Christian law
Constitution of National Company Law Tribunal (NCLT)
National IPR Policy 2016: A Quick Look
Analysis Of Marine Insurance- Excluded Insurance
Brief Analysis Of The Protection of Children from Sexual Offences Act, 2012
What Is The Procedure To Convert A Company Into Limited Liability Partnership
Overview Of The Doctrine Of Lis Pendens
Child Trafficking In India
Surabhi Sharma, A fourth year law student on why she enrolled for an online diploma course and why she chose the NUJS diploma course over other courses
Corporate Debt Restructuring in India
Tax Exemptions Available To Charitable Trusts In India
Analysis Of The Concept Of Simple Mortgage
What Is Infringement Of Trademark
NUJS & NISM: Certificate Course on Securities Law
Highlights Of The Companies (Amendment) Act, 2015
793 20
Who Can Be A Trustee Or A Beneficiary Of A Trust
The Story Of The First Cross-Border Acquisition Of A Legal-Tech Startup In India
Arbitration In IPR Disputes
Slum Rehabilitation Programs and Laws in Mumbai
Institutional Arbitration in India
Analysis Of The Precautionary Principle
What Are The Rights Of Animals In India
What Is The Law On Phone Tapping In India
The Big Short – The Dark Secrets of the Recession Revealed
India’s Biggest Career And Internship Fair Is Here
All You Need To Know About One Person Company
Public Policy And Setting Aside Of Arbitral Awards In India – A Never Ending Challenge For The Practitioners?
A final year law student, on how the NUJS online Diploma is enhancing her knowledge and skills
Analysis Of The Right to Information Act, 2005
When Can Parental Rights Be Terminated
Laws On Domestic Violence And Dowry Death In India
Analysis Of The Real Estate (Regulation and Development) Act, 2016
An Overview Of Money Laundering
Legal Rghts Of A Surrogate Mother In India
Advantages and Disadvantages Of Public interest litigation In India
794 20
Constitutional Liability Of State Under The Tort Law In India
Drug Laws In India
How Can Social Media Be Misused
Prenuptial Agreements And The Law In India
What are the Rules Governing Inheritance of Property under Muslim Law
Is The Right To Information Applicable To The Private Sector
Analysis Of Insider/ Price Sensitive Information
Everything You Want To Know About India’s New IPR Policy 2016
A Critical Analysis of ‘Start-up India, Stand Up India’ Campaign
What Are The Recent PIPE Deals In India
Can An Indian Or A Foreign Company Be A Partner In An LLP?
Analysis Of The National Bankruptcy Law
Draft Guidelines On UAVs In India, Nine Points One must know!
Waste Management Laws in India
Regulation of Automobile Sector in India
Job opening | Manager Legal Contracts | Tata Steel – Jamshedpur
E-Commerce And Fraud
Dr Padmakumari Muthuswamy; an MBBS and founder director of a health care centre, on why she enrolled for an online diploma from NUJS
How To Incorporate A Wholly Owned Subsidiary Of A Foreign Company In India
Procedure For Registering A Private Trust In Delhi
795 20
Introduction to International Humanitarian Law and its Principles
The Crime Of Genocide In International Law
What Is Hybrid Structuring
Validity And Enforceability Of Notice Period In An Employment Contract
Environmental Migration: Exploring The Plight Of Climate Change
Should Betting In Sports Be Legalized In India
Offshore Investments And Tax Evasion
How Woman Are Bound In The Social Obscenity cycle
What Is The Relationship Between Competition Law And Consumer Protection
Concept Of ADR In The Present Legal System Of India
Sustainable Development: Concerns And The Way Ahead
Structuring Advise For An Entrepreneur Of Middle East Who Wants To Establish Business In India
Fellowship in the office of Member of Parliament Gaurav Gogoi
Marital Rape And The Law In India
How Indian Businessmen Can Give Guarantee To Foreign Lenders
What Is The Content For The Articles of Association
What Is The Procedure For Partition Of A Family Business
Medical Negligence And the Law
What Is The Procedure To File A Complaint Against A Company With The ROC
How Are Trade Secrets Protected
796 20
Law-Making Power of the Executive in India
Net Neutrality in India
Solomon Porus, Legal Consultant with a real estate firm on how he benefited from the NUJS diploma course
A Letter To My Mother; Happy Mother’s day
Structuring Advice To An Indian Entrepreneur Who Wants To Expand To Africa
What Are The Disadvantages Of A One Person Company In India
Role Of Conciliation And Arbitration In Industrial Dispute Resolution
Analysis And Interpretation Of Medical Negligence
How To Sell Shares In A Private Market
What Is The Relevance Of Major And Minor Ports In International Trade
What Is The Tax Deductibility Of CSR Expenditure
Shardool Kulkarni, who appeared before a committee of parliament when he was just 18, on why he joined the NUJS Diploma
Analysis Of White Collar Crimes In India
How Did Vodafone Avoid Capital Gains Tax Through Clever Structuring?
What Is The Procedure To File A Complaint To RoC Against A Company
Analysis Of Domestic Transfer Pricing Rules in Group Companies
Analysis Of Professional Indemnity Insurance
Can A Foreigner Be A Partner Or A Designated Partner In An LLP?
Analysis of Sexual Harassment Of Women At Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition And Redressal) Act, 2013
What Are The Procedural Rules Regarding Payment Of Stamp Duty In Karnataka
797 20
What Are The Requirements For Establishing Corporate Criminal Liability In India
Analysis Of The Jurisdiction In High Seas: From S.S.Lotus To Enrica Lexie
What Are The Laws Related To Child Sexual Abuse In India
Points To Kept In Mind While Conducting Due Diligence For A Software Company Which Is Getting Acquired
What Are The Duties Of Director And Shareholder In One Person Company
Right to Foreclosure Under Transfer Of Property Act
What Is The Procedure For Conversion of Company Into LLP As Per The Companies Act And LLP Act
Ila Vyas, Legal Executive at a Real Estate Company, on why she joined the NUJS online diploma course and how is it helping her career
What Are The Legal Requirements For Opening A Hostel In India
What Is the Tax Liability On The Income Of Partners of LLP’S
Aditya Manubarwala, one of the youngest Indians to have appeared before a committee of Parliament, on why he enrolled for the NUJS Diploma course and how it is benefitting him
KS Legal & Associates is looking for lawyers – Private Equity and Real Estate
Analysis Of Prison Administration And The Rights Of Prisoners
What Amounts To Cruelty Against Men
What Is The Structure Of Delhi Public School
What Are The Legal Requirements Pertaining To Accounting Of Group Companies
Comparison Of The Procedure Of winding Up A Company And A LLP
What Structuring Advice Will You Give To A European Entrepreneur Who Wants To Expand His Business To India
What Is The Stamp Duty On Investment Transactions In Maharashtra
When Foreign Companies Are Required To File Compliances Under The Indian Compnaies Act
798 20
Raja Mukherjee; Partner and Consulting Head at an energy infrastructure company, on why he joined the NUJS online diploma course and how it is helping his business
NUJS, Kolkata in collaboration with iPleaders launches 2-years online program in Masters in Business Laws (MBL)
What Are The Top 5 Transfer Pricing Rulings Of 2015 – 2016
Sneak Peek into life at Cambridge. (LL.M)
From Dreams to Goals
Top 5 Selfish Reasons Why You Should Start A Blog Today
What Are The Grounds For Divorce In India
Emergency Provisions: History, Types and Duration in India
Difference Between A Trust And A Society
How Can Founders Of A Trust Earn Money
What Is The Strucutre Of The Board Of Control For Cricket In India
Comparison of Striking off And Winding Up Of A Company
What Is The Legal Procedure To  Structure An E-commerce Buisness In India
What Structuring Advice Would You Give To An Indian Entrepreneur Who Wants To Expand To China
Pros And Cons Of A Sole Proprietorship
What Are The Various Business Structures A Single Founder Could Opt For
What Is The Legal Status Of Refugees In India
What Is Digital India
What Are The Rights of Senior Citizens In India
Guidelines For A Foreign Entrepreneur To Invest In India
799 20
How Are The Rights Available To Prostitute Workers In India Violated
What Are The Legal Requirements For Opening A Playschool In India
What Is The Procedure To Induct A New Co-founder In A Start-up
Dhrumil Parekh; CEO at two different companies dealing in diverse fields; on why he took up an online diploma course and how it is helping him in his current role and his future vision
EU-Turkey Refugee Deal: Classic Shame Of International Law
What Is The Legal Procedure For Trust Formation
Structuring Advice For An Indian Entrepreneur For Receiving Foreign Direct Investment
Structuring Advise For An Entrepreneur Who Wants To Expand In SAARC Countries
Why Are Most Private Companies In India Incorporated In Bombay?
Asylum Seeking in India – Legislation, Rights, Challenges and Process
Know This Law School: NUALS
Are Partners Required To Contribute A Minimum Capital In An LLP
What Clauses Should You Check While Joining An Incubator
How To Start A Theme Park In India
Writing to Win: A Few Simple Steps To Write Great Research Papers, Articles And Essays
Delhi Government’s Odd-Even 2 Rule: What’s new?
Shradha Agarwal; Innovator Of A Patented Product, On Why She Joined The NUJS Diploma Course And How It Is Helping Her Career
What is The Procedure For Registration of Society
How Can A Indian Company Open A BPO In Philippines
How Should Bilateral Investment Treaties Impact Your Decision To Do Business In A Specific Country
800 20
How To Call An Extraordinary Meeting
Analysis Of The Case A.P.Tourism Development Corporation Limited v. Pampa Hotels Limited
UNCLOS, CITES and IWC: Could International Court of Justice Put An End To Illegal Whaling By Japan?
Aniruddha Bakshi, HR Head, On How NUJS Business Law Diploma Helped Him In His Career
Report On The Policy Workshop On Foreign Contribution (Regulation) Act Held At Amity University
Non-Accession To Government Procurement Agreement And India
History & Development of Intellectual Property and Protection of Traditional Cultural Expressions
Analysis Of Section 236 Of The Company Act 2013
iPleaders is looking for Research Associates & Academic Counselors
Patent Analytics-A Tool That Can Help IP Law Firms Win More Clients
What Is The Legal Procedure For The Possession Of Gun In India
Why Do We Need Community Police
Gaurav Pratap Singh; A Regional Manager And Entrepreneur On How An Online Diploma Course Empowered Him For His Current Role And His Future
What are the rights of Copyright owner
What Is The Difference Between The US And Indian Federalism
When Can The Referential Powers Of High Court Be Exercised?
What Is Zero Based Budgeting
All About Drafting : Principles, Rules, and Do’s and Don’ts for a Law Student
Kartick Raj Founder at Global Talent Hires; On How The NUJS Diploma Is Helping His Current Business And His Future Endeavors
What Are The Rights of Illegitimate Children Under Hindu Law
801 20
What Is Cooling Off Period
THE BENEFICIAL MORTGAGE: How does it work?
What Are The Rights Of An Arrested Person
Does A Second Wife Has Right Of Maintenance In India
What Is The Evidentiary Value Of Retracted Confessions In India
What Is The Procedure For The Incorporation Of One Person Company In India
Doctrine Of Public Policy And Enforcement Of Arbitral Awards
Can A Person Be Held Liable As A Partner Even If He Is Not A Partner?
A Corporate Law Associate On Why She Enrolled For The NUJS Business Law Diploma, How It Is Adding Value To Her Profile And Helping Her Career
Ericsson Vs. Micromax/Intex (SEP Row): Delhi HC Refuses Stay Against Investigation By CCI
Analysis Of The Evolution Of India’s Patent Legislation
What Is The Procedure For The Formation Of Co-operative Society In India
How To Choose The Best Name For Your Company?
Roles Of Independent Directors In Corporate Governance
Everything You Want To Know About New Guidelines Regarding FDI In E-Commerce Sector
iPleaders introduces Senior Research Fellowships for Young Practitioners
How do you like the new Fasting & Political Blackmail Regulation Bill, 2015?
A Comparative study Of The Doctrine Of Stare Decesis in India, Canada and US
How To Respond To Show-Cause Proceedings By Tax Authorities?
Doctrine Of Indoor Management Vis-A-Vis Doctrine Of Constructive Notice
802 20
What Are The Laws Relating To Meetings Under Companies Act, 2013
Abuse Of Prisoners In Indian Jail
Is A Term Sheet Legally Enforceable
Disclosure Deficit In FOI/RTI Acts Of SAARC Nations: An Analysis With Particular Reference To “Exemptions”
Analysis of The Gujarat Labour Laws Amendment Bill 2015
What Are The Disadvantages Of Compulsory Corporate Social Responsibility
Desertion As A Ground For Divorce
Why Do We Need More Women Entrepreneurs In India
All You Need To Know About Strikes And Lockouts
An Overview Of Employment Contracts In India
What Can Be Considered Contempt Of Court
Need For A Change: Juvenile Justice Act
All You Need To Know About Nidhi Companies
What Is The Procedure For Revival Of Sick Company Under Companies Act
Confessions Of A Co-Accused And Its Evidentiary Value (Critical Analysis Of Section 30 Of Evidence Act)
Prevention Of Oppression And Mismanagement Of A Company
Laws For The Protection Of Trade Secrets In India
Overview Of The Real Estate (Regulatory & Development) Bill, 2016
Abetment to suicide
Harveer Chadha On How As A General Manager He Benefited From Learning Business Laws
803 20
Overview Of Maintenance and Welfare of Parents and Senior Citizens Act, 2007
What Is The Procedure For Recovery Action Under SARFEASI ACT, 2002
Whether Keyword Advertising Is A Trademark Infringement Or Not
Debate On death penalty
Struggle For Recognition: A Cry For Human Rights Of The Transgendered
What Cannot Be Trademarked In India
What Are The Laws For The Prevention Of Child Labour
What Are The Grounds On Which Karta Can Alienate The Property Under Hindu Law
Gender Biasness And The Need For Uniform Civil Code
Need For Enacting A Central Law To Govern Sports In India
What Constitutes Abuse Of Dominant Position Under Competition Law
RIGHT TO EDUCATION: A MOVE TOWARDS AN EDUCATED INDIA
Copyright Infringement And The Liability Of Internet Service Providers
Whether Getting Bail Is A Fundamental Right In India
Right To Die: Diverse Judicial Opinions
Critical Analysis Of The Guidelines Issued By The Indian Patent Office In 2015
What Are The Reasons for Honour Killing
Role Of International Conventions In “Vishaka Guidelines”
The New Bankruptcy Regime In India
Right To Repair In India
804 20
Analysis Of The Right To Service Act
A Practicing Criminal Lawyer On How The NUJS Online Diploma Is Benefiting Her Career
Why Is Mediation Important In Divorce Cases
All About Reservation Policy In India
Validity Of Oral Statement Made Under Indian Law
What Is The Relation Between Society And Crime
Call For Papers: International Journal of Advanced Research in Law & Social Science
Everything You Want To Know About Habeas Corpus
Overview Of The Law On Expert Evidence In India
Analysis Of The CrPC Amendment By Maharashtra Government
How Many Witnesses Are Required By Courts In Any Case
Enforceability of Force Majeure Clause in India and UK
Overview Of Copyright Law In Relation To Sound Recording And Musical Composition
Trade Mark Crossborder Reputation And Conflicts
What Are The Laws Prohibiting Dowry In India
A Hackers Guide To Law Firm Job Interviews
The Story of a Takeover Battle, Leverage and Junk Bonds
How Neuro Linguistic Programming Can Help Lawyers
How Are The E-Wallets/ Prepaid Payment Systems Governed In India
What Constitues An “Industry”? – An Analysis In Context Of Labour Laws Of India
805 20
An Overview Of The Insolvency And Bankruptcy Code, 2015
Analysis Of New Securities And Exchange Board Of India Regulations, 2015
5 Common Disputes In The Real Estate Sector And How To Avoid Them
Book Review: Go Kiss The World ‘Life Lessons For Young Professional’ Autobiography By Subroto Bagchi
Demystify corporate law career for yourself: NUJS & iPleaders event in Delhi
iPleaders invites applications for the position of Career Visionaries
Openings for BarHacker Fellowship in Continuing Legal Education
5 Crazy Years Of Law School
A failure’s guide to Masters in Law
BREAKING NEWS: In a plea for infringement by Monsanto, the Delhi High Court has restrained Nuziveedu Seeds from selling BT Cotton.
How to stand out as a young lawyer
NLIU, Bhopal: know this law school
National Law School Bangalore (NLS): Know This Law School
Simple rules for being productive
Lodha Committee Report On Cricket Reforms: An Overview
Experience Sharing Competition – NUJS Business Law Diploma Course
Women Directors –A Step Towards Gender Equality
How To File an FIR
Which Registers Does A Company Need To Maintain Under Companies Act, 2013
Analysis Of Article 356 Of The Indian Constitution
806 20
Why An Owner Of A Law Firm Enrolled For An Online Business Law Diploma From NUJS
Do We Need A Women Reservation Bill
Constitutional Validity Of Article 377 And Right To Privacy In India
Do We Need FCRA
State Biodiversity Boards: Analysis Of Functions And Powers
What Are The Exceptions To The Rule Of Caveat Emptor
Unrestrained productivity – what if there was no time constraint and no compulsion at your work?
Legal Enforceability of ‘Termination for Convenience’ Clause in India
Analysis Of The Concept Of Independent Directors
What Are The Pros And Cons Of Mergers And Acquisitions
Analysis Of The Concept Of Delegated Legislation
Career Series: Webinar with Ketan Mukhija, General Counsel, SREI Group on Roles and Responsibilities of an In-house Counsel
Law Regarding Voting Agreements In India
Analysis Of The Enemy Property Ordinance, 2016
Approach Of International Financial Institution (IMF) Towards Developing Countries
Analysis Of The Commercial Courts Act, 2015
How Is The Incumbent Contract Between Canadian Firms And Indian Firms Governed
Are Same Sex Marriages Legal In US
Analysis Of Novartis A.G. vs. Union Of India
Analysis Of The Concept Of Joint Venture
807 20
Does International Law Permit Deportation With Assurances?
What Are The Essentials Of An LLP Agreement
The Juvenile Justice (Care and Protection) Bill, 2015
What Are The Important Clauses Of A Lease Agreement
Rights Of A Sub-Contractor In Claiming Damages From Other Sub-Contractor
Easwar Panel Report: How Tax-Friendly Can The Tax Laws Be?
How To Draft A Will
Overview Of Limited Liability Partnership In India
What Are Global Depository Receipts
Benegal Committee: Need to revamp the Censor Board?
What Are The Laws Regulating the Food Industry in India
Analysis Of The Goods And Service Tax Bill, 2015
What Is The Procedure To Register A Trademark In India
What Is The Role Of Independent Directors In India
The Race Called “Law School”
Trial By Jury Vs. Trial By Judge
What Are The Anti-Corruption Laws in USA and UK
Enforceability Of Non-Solicitation Clauses In Contracts
Whether Abortion Is Legal In India
Unequal Wages To Women And The Law In India
808 20
Analysis Of The Haryana Panchayati Raj (Amendment) Bill, 2015
Importance Of A Gift Deed
What Are Mergers And Acquisitions Transactions And How They Are Taxed
Analysis Of The Armed Force Special Power Act In North Eastern Region
Whether The Author Is Entitled To Claim Copyright Over The Title Of His Work
Eve-teasing: Is It Really A Crime?
Analyzing Freedom Of Speech And Expression Through Offence And Harm Principle
A Third Year Law Student On How The NUJS Diploma Is Helping Him Excel In His Studies
Laws On Child Labour in India
What Is The Evidentiary Value Of A Confession
Recent Judgement Related To The Legal Validity Of Aadhaar Card
What Is The Reservation Policy in Educational Institutions In India
Critical Analysis: India Rejects Plea For Saxagliptin Compulsory Licence
What are the remedies available for Copyright Infringement In India
FARMER SUICIDES: A MAJOR CONCERN
Role Of Shadow Directors
Trial By Media
Laws On Smoking In Different States In India
Analysis Of Salman Khan:2002 Hit And Run Case
What Are Double Tax Avoidance Agreements
809 20
What Is Cyber Warfare
Whether Tape Recorded Statements Are Admissible In The Court Of Law
Analyses Of Section 377 Of The Indian Penal Code
Webinar On Opportunities For Indian Students In Public International Law
Basic Guide of Establishing a Partnership Firm
Is It Legal To Drive A Vehicle With Temporary Registration Plate In India?
Laws On Child Marriage In India
What Are The Grounds On Which The Corporate Veil Can Be Lifted
What Are The Important Clauses In A Freelancing Agreement
General Overview Of The Law Related To Intellectual Property
What Is Cybersquatting And It’s Position In India
A Final Year Law Student Pursuing CS, On How The NUJS Online Diploma Is Enhancing Her Skills And Helping In Her Studies
How Judiciary Interprets ‘Consent’ In Rape Cases
Rights Of The Husband If The Wife Files A False Complaint
Analysis Of The Lokpal and the Lokayuktas Act, 2013
What is the role of Corporate Governance in the buy back of Shares
Important Laws On The Protection Of Environment
The Status Of Syrian Refugees In Lebanon, Jordan, Egypt and Turkey
How To File A PIL
Critical Analysis Of Laws Relating To Hostile Witnesses In India
810 20
What Is The Procedure For Ship Arrest In India
What is Start Up India, Stand Up Campaign?
A Senior Legal Executive With An MNC On Why He Enrolled For An Online Diploma After His LLM
A final year law student on how the NUJS diploma helped her secure a job offer in one of the best law firms
Invalid Guarantees: The Creditor’s Liability To Disclose
What Is The Procedure To Claim Compensation In Case Of LPG Accident
Webinar On Opportunities For Indian Students In Public International Law
What Is The Current Status Of The No-Detention Policy
Censorship Of Films And The Law
Whether The Ban On Cow Slaughter Is Constitutionally Valid
What Are The Major Amendments In The Company Law 2015
Analysis of National Herald Case
A qualified CS and Legal Manager with a leading pharmaceutical company on why he enrolled for an online Diploma from NUJS
ExtraTerritorial Operation of Laws made by Parliament
What Are The Rights Of Senior Citizens?
Constitutionality Of Sedition Law in India
An Overview On Doctrine of Estoppel
Job Opportunity | iPleaders is looking for an Accounts and Finance Executive
How To Incorporate A Company Under The New Companies Act 2013?
Subconscious Compulsion: What Is It And How To Get Rid Of It
811 20
Position Of Capital Punishment In India
Guidelines For Welfare of Children Living With Their Parents In Jail
Is Foreign Subsidiaries of Indian Companies- A Tool to Evade Taxes?
What Are The Duty Of The Directors Towards Creditors In The Company
Unique course on gambling laws launched on lawsikho.com
Road Accident Law for Bystanders (Good Samaritans)
Why Does India Need Witness Protection
Don’t let Unfinished Conversations Ruin Things For You
Pinjra Tod in Girls Hostels- A Voice Against Bias
Why Is An Alternative For Section 66A, IT Act Required?
Procedure To Opt for IPO In India
How To File a Complaint Against Objectionable Television Content In India
Analysis of the NJAC Judgement
Importance of MSME Facilitation Councils
Relation Between Arbitration Law and Code of Civil Procedure
Delhi Government’s Odd-Even Rule
How to bag Vacation Schemes and Training Contracts at foreign law firms
Alliance Between Competition Law and Intellectual Property Law
CRITICAL ANALYSIS OF SAHARA CASE
Laws North Eastern Women Should know
812 20
How To File a Case Against Cheque Bounce
Humanising Penalty: Reconceptualising Indian Judicial Activism
How To Negotiate
Exclusive Jurisdiction Clauses in Indian Commercial Contracts: Legal Validity and Challenges
Why beginning is hard
Talent Is A Curse
Treaties Governing Space Law
Whether some designated senior advocates are in actuality deserving of this designation
Rajiv Gandhi Assassination: Does The State Have The Power to Remit the Terms of the Convict
5 Renowned Lawyers who Inspire Me – Surbhi Agarwal
The Law Related to Anti Defection in India
Lending The Womb – Surrogacy
Legal Rights Of A Woman In India
Constitutional validity of Notification Imposing License On Consumption of Liquor in Maharashtra
What Documents To Carry While Driving and How to obtain a Driving License?
MARKETING BY THE MEDIA AND CONSUMER PROTECTION LAW IN INDIA
DRUGS- ‘Can Lead You Behind The Bars’
Facebook’s Free Basics Program and Net Neutrality in India
iPleaders is looking for a Content and Communications Manager 
Are You A Lawbreaker If You Don’t Stand For The National Anthem
813 20
What is the relevance of Black Money Act, 2015 after September 2015
Juvenile Justice (Care And Protection Of Children) Act, 2000- In Contrast With U.S And U.K Juvenile Justice System
Is it mandatory to be a matriculate in Punjabi for appearing in any of the examinations for recruitment conducted in the State of Punjab?
Can Husbands Claim Alimony in India
Reaction On Social Media WIth Regards To Destruction of Terrorist Camps in Myanmar by Indian Army
Should Juveniles in Conflict with Law Face Similar Punishment As Adult Criminals
Legality of a Live-in-Relationship
Corporate Social Responsibility By SMEs
What Are The Punishments For Eve Teasing In India?
How To File A Complain Against Misleading Advertisements
3 reasons why I am excited about Law Day 2016
Due process clause under Indian Constitution
Is Online Arbitration possible in India?
How to build your CV with blog posts
Corporate Criminal Liability in India
Debate on India’s FDI Policy on E-Commerce
Impact of proposed Consumer Protection Bill, 2015 on E-Commerce
Competition Law And Antidumping Law: Understanding Overlaps And Conflicts
Prescribing maximum qualifications as an eligibility criteria in appointments and punishment for wrongful declaration – a critique of LIC v Triveni Sharan Mishra
A chemical engineer working as a research analyst on why he took NUJS online Business Law Diploma Course
814 20
Is Abortion Legal In India?
A Corporate Lawyer Pursuing CS, On How An Online Diploma Enhanced His Knowledge And Efficiency
A Final Year Law Student On How An Online Diploma Helped Her Secure An Internship With One Of The Best Law Firms
An HR and administration professional on why he chose to pursue an online diploma in spite of having an MBA degree
What To Do If You Lost Your PAN Card Or Voter Identification Card
Book Review: Law as a Career by Tanuj Kalia
3 reasons why you may want to drop whatever you are doing and change the direction of your life
The story of the Indian Pre-moot for the Vis Moots
Basic Mooting Mistakes that every beginner makes
Major Mooting Mistakes – for advanced mooters
Know your Rights Under Bihar Right To Public Service Act, 2011
Supervision and freedom in law schools: are you ready?
Legality of Euthanasia in India
Progress In Area Of Research And Development In Tax Incentive Globally
Issues And Criticism Of The Proposed Law On Crowdfunding In India
How an online diploma course is helping a practicing lawyer in helping the Startup community at Bhubaneswar and mentoring Friends and Relatives in their entrepreneurial ventures
What are Payments Banks?
A Delhi University Law graduate, on how NUJS Business Law online diploma is helping him in his business
A corporate law associate pursuing CS, on how the NUJS online Diploma is adding value to her profile and helping her career
Can Indian Parties Have a Foreign Seat of Arbitration?
815 20
Anti-Money Laundering Laws in India
Religious Procession In India And The Law
What is Social Engineering?
Commercial Surrogacy And The Law In India
The 10 Biggest Ever Merger & Acquisition Deals In India
Can A Woman Be Charged For Gang Rape?
Can the Court substitute its own view in place of Arbitrator’s view?
Intermediary Liability of E-Commerce Companies Under Information Technology Act
Legal Regulations on Burning Crackers During Diwali
What are the proposed changes under Environment Laws (Amendment) Bill, 2015?
How To Expand A Legal Practice With Business Law Skills
Registering FIR in a Police Station without Jurisdiction: Is it Possible?
Plea Bargaining Scheme In India And Its Implications
Why Should You Listen?
Interim Reliefs under the Arbitration and Conciliation (Amendment) Ordinance, 2015
Is Coke Cola using Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) to increase their brand image and profit ?
A finance attache wants to recommend an online course he pursued from NUJS
Job opening: iPleaders is looking for someone with good communication skills for a full time job
Lavina, a lawyers who is also a qualified CS, on how an online course made a difference in her career
How to Stop Sexual Harassment at Workplace in India – download FREE eBook
816 20
Important Features of Arbitration And Conciliation (Amendment) Ordinance, 2015
Admissibility of a child witness in the court of law
Arman Sood, lawyer and entrepreneur, on how an online course he did years back is still helping him at his work
Write Simple English
Battle of forms
The Employers’ Liability Act, 1938
A Case Against Perfection: Look For Excellence, Not Perfection
So You Practice Or Practise? Here’s The Difference!
What are the Rights of Transgender in India
Hate Speech and International Law
How to Import plants and seeds into India
5 reasons we are betting on a new way to consume news
Introducing Informal Discussion Group (IDG) in NUJS
What is the purpose of establishing National Law Universities in India?
This GNLU student won a scholarship worth INR 20,000. What did he do with the money?
5 things every Indian working in Dubai, Abu Dhabi or any place in UAE need to know
Least Effort Blogger Syndrome
Can you legally work at two different companies in India? Employment Agreement and Clauses to watch out for
Licenses required for starting a tiffin service/home delivery of food in India
Homosexuality and the Law in India
817 20
How To Stop Procrastination
How to get the best out of a conference you are attending
How does fee hike affect a college student?
Pranjit Bhattacharya from BILS on why he did an online business law course despite already having a job at Trilegal
Specific Performance Of Contracts- Determinable Contracts
India and The Global Economy
How to create a new state in India? The Telengana Example
5 ways in which working in Abu Dhabi as a lawyer is different than working in India
A Trip To Remember: Legal Delhi
4 books that can transform your outlook as a would be corporate lawyer
Why did a Civil Services aspirant from Jindal Global Law School pursued NUJS Business Law Diploma Course
False Accusation Of Rape And Punishment For False Complaints In India
Chirag M Narasimiah got a PPO from SAM when he was in 4th year. How did the NUJS business law diploma help him?
How to work less and do more
Minimum Wages Act, 1948
How can I increase my concentration?
How to claim your unclaimed money from provident fund (PF) account?
Suyash Manjul, RMLNLU graduate and litigator on how he benefited from NUJS business law diploma
Jhanak Singh, Associate at Seth Dua & Associates on how she benefited from the NUJS business law diploma
Ventures And Adventures In Law: Kian Ganz and LegallyIndia
818 20
A Caffeine Alert for Lawyers
A Fresher’s Guide to Handling Ragging: what to do
Startup Saturday Kolkata: Legal Edition
What do corporate lawyers do: takeover defences and cold steel
4 Scams That Rocked Indian Politics in 2011
Minimum Public Shareholding in Public Companies in India
Entry of foreign law firms in India
3 Reasons Why A Lawyer Needs To Understand The Client’s Business
5 things we learnt while working on Lawtoons
How to prepare for a law firm interview
The Human DNA Profiling Bill
Central Bureau of Investigation
How to incorporate your new business
Competition Commission of India and TRAI – India’s regulators
Legality Of Selling Medicines Online In India
7 reasons why people from HR/IR background take up the NUJS business law diploma course
Is corporate law what you think it is? 6 realizations about missing skills
Duties and role of director of a company
Vinay Biradar, president of student council at Indian Institute of Foreign Trade (IIFT) on how he benefited from the NUJS Business law diploma course
Why Should You Consider Becoming a Teacher?
819 20
Know This Law School: GNLU
Measuring What You Are Doing On The Cutting Edge
Branding v. Being
How to get compensation from Railways for poor service: 3 things every Indian must know
Know this Law School: RMLNLU
Are you ready to work at a law firm?
Is it important to negotiate?
Ease Of Doing Business in India — Online Filing Of CST, VAT and Commercial Taxes
How First Year Law Students At UPES Started Jagriti, A Social Initiative In Dehradun
My Experience at Bangalore Institute of Legal Studies (BILS)
My 3 years In MATS Law School
Karnataka Labour Welfare Funds Act, 1965
Punishment in Prison or Reform and Re-integration for juveniles committing heinous crime: A Counsellor’s Perspective
Jay Bhambhani, Associate at ANM Global on how he benefited from NUJS business law diploma course
The inclusion and exclusion of Jats in the OBC category
Pain And Achievement
Full time manager wanted for SuperLawyer in Delhi
Documents Required For Obtaining A Decree Of Divorce
Legal bloggers wanted
What are the new features of Consumer Protection Bill, 2015?
820 20
Start-up tackles sexual harassment training challenge using cloud technology
Is law school life scary?
All You Need to Know About Payment of Gratuity Act 1972
How Important is Academic Performance in our lives?
Diary Of A 20-Something, Confused, About-to-graduate Law Student
What Is Education?
Startup Saturday Kolkata
Credit and Currency Derivatives in India
SEBI’s new regulatory initiatives
How to make a real business out of a good business plan
How to Handle Tutorial Essays
How to get an Education Loan in India
Six types of infuriating discrimination by restaurants, pubs and hotels in India
How to obtain trade license in Kolkata
Akshay Chhugani, Founder, The Indian Backpacker and Head – Traveller Communities at ixigo.com how he benefited from the NUJS business law diploma course
Moments of victory
Girls Hostel Issue @ NUJS: The Problem And Some Alternative Solutions
Powers and Functions of National Green Tribunal
Is crowdfunding legal in India?
Do Employers Need Institutional Blogging Policy for Employees?
821 20
Some Questions I Ask Before I Hire Someone For My Startup
Diary of a 20 Something: 22 Things As I Turn 22
What are other people saying about you and why superheroes wear masks
Notes on Hacking
The End Of News As You Knew And What It means For You
Of The Rat Race
The Privileges Of Being A Lawyer In Delhi
What Does It Take To Be An Outstanding Mediator?
What Did I Learn From My 3 Best Internships So Far
Are Menthol cigarettes more harmful for men than other cigarettes?
Doing LL.M. in arbitration law from Switzerland
Electronic Piracy, Right to Internet and Human Rights
Age Limit on Admission to Law Colleges
International Law Students Association (ILSA): How it for started in India
Legal GK Round Up For CLAT
What should you do if someone publishes your nude pictures without your consent
Four Must Watch Movies: If You Are a Law Student
Webinar on Black money law and FEMA implications on poker winnings in offshore wallets (Paid)
How to be prepare yourself to be effective during CLAT exam
Looking for an intern in Delhi interested in working on women’s rights/ sexual harassment prevention
822 20
How And Where A Common Citizen Can File A Complaint Against Water Pollution In India
Legal Education in India: What lies ahead?
Legality of recent ban on Pornography in India
My experiences with Delhi State Legal Service Authority (DSLSA)
How to write good blog posts
Internet of Things will change the world, but what does it mean to us Indians? A tech lawyer shares her views
Psychology and Law
Legal Process For Adopting A Child In India
Laws related to liquidated damages in India 
What is 7/12 extract? Origin, Contents, Analysis, Who Prepares, Governing law and How to obtain it?
Rajdeep Chatterjee, Co-founder & CTO indiangrahak.com on how he benefited from the NUJS Business law diploma course
iPleaders is looking for a reliable and efficient accounts manager for its Delhi office
5 creative ways in which police is using whatsapp in India
A practical guide to change authorised share capital of the company in India
 What changes need to be made to the sphere of Legal Education in India?
Is WhatsApp the new men’s washroom? – Sexual harassment in virtual workplace
Amount of Foreign Currency That Can Be Carried While Travelling To or From India
Everything You Want To Know About Punjab Labour Welfare Fund Act, 1965
How And When To File Claims With Motor Accidents Claim Tribunal?
How to get a good law firm job or become a good litigator
823 20
Everything You Need to Know About Indian Financial Code
Exclusivity Arrangements for Start-up Investments
Your Property Being Trespassed? Here is What You Should Know!
Licenses Required To Open a Cafe in Delhi
Effects of Optimism
All You Need to Know about the Amended Real Estate Regulatory Bill
Net Neutrality In India
How to file a RTI against a private school?
Does a husband have to pay alimony if the wife’s adultery is proved in Court?
How And When To File A Complaint With A State Human Rights Commission
Legal Rights Of LGBT Community In India
Project Management And Its Legal Aspects
Can We File A Writ Against Private Internet Service Providers in India?
Latest Judgments by Supreme Court of India on Rights of Women
Commercial Sector and Indian Competition Law
Complex Foreign Structuring held Colourable Device- in Violation of RBI Regulation
The Big Short – The Dark Secrets of the Recession Revealed
Six Eternal Rules of doing well in a moot court competition
Show Me The Money: Financing In The Real Estate Sector
Nagpur Traffic A Major Concern For Visual Impaired Pedestrians
824 20
How To Recover Seized Property During Pendency of Trial
The Art Of Drafting Real Estate Documents
How To Convert A Public company Into A Private Company
Power Of International Courts To Intervene In Nationality Matters With Special Reference To  Rottmann  Case
Laws On Liquidated Damages And Penalty In India
Real Estate Litigation 101: Steps Involved in Real Estate Litigation
Are you reporting sexual harassment compliance under the Companies Act?
Guardianship of illegitimate children in India
Taxation and Stamp duty on Transfer of HUF Property
Licenses Required for Manufacturing Hand made Soaps in India
Why lower courts are bound to follow the principles laid down by the Supreme Court of India?
 How can a citizen take action against industries polluting ground water?
Investments by NRIs – Domestic Investments!!
What are the new initiatives taken to make doing business in India easier?
Mining laws in India
Need of a transparent recruitment system in India: Analysis in the light of Vyapam Scam
The prerequisites to start investing and trading in the stock exchange – An insight for first time equity investors
What the Legalization of Same-Sex Marriages in the United States Means for India
Same sex marriage: should it be legalized in India?
Jurisdiction of Courts in ecommerce transactions in India: where to decide the conflict of space
825 20
Is stun gun legal in India?
Puneet Bhasin, Cyber lawyer and consultant, GLC Mumbai alumnus on how the NUJS Business Law Diploma course helped her in advising startup clients
Whether a new owner of a building is required to pay the pending bills of the old owner?
5 Challenges Young Real Estate Lawyers Face
Procedure To Change The Name Of A Company
Analyzing Magna Carta: Then and Now
Challenges Faced By A Law Student While Preparing For CS Executive Exam
Assets and Taxation on Income of Hindu Undivided Family (HUF)
10 Legal Rights Every Indian Should Be Aware About
Classroom Learning or E-Learning?
A Basic Guide To Consumer Redressal Mechanisms
Alternate Minimum Taxation (AMT) On Limited Liability Partnership
A Note On The ‘Jurisprudence Of Speedy Justice’ In India
How startups should prepare while expecting a investor due diligence?
Supreme Court Guidelines For Publication of Advertisement by Government
Can the state interfere in how much we spend for our marriage?
Unnita Bhattacharya, Associate at Innove Law on how the NUJS business law diploma course helped her in dealing with a 30 million venture capital fund investment
Role of a Company Secretary under Companies Act 2013
Suyash Sinha, Associate at Shardul Amarchand Mangaldas & Co on how he benefited from NUJS business law diploma course
E-Waste and its Legal Implications in India
826 20
A Step-by-step Guide on changing name legally in India
KG-D6: A scam in making?
“95% of interviewers have asked me about the business law diploma course” says Fatima Quraishi, RMLNLU graduate, human rights activist and former Supreme Court law clerk
All About Transferring Your Foreign Income To India!
Battle Between NJAC And Collegium
Rise of The Machines: The Current Policy for Civilian Drones in India
Important Terms And Conditions That One Should Look At Before Buying A Travel Insurance Policy
How To File Online FIR And Criminal Complaints
How To File A Complaint Against Banks in India?
The Tussle Between The Government And The Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPI) Over MAT
A Basic Guide To The Laws About Foreign Contributions & Funding For NGOs In India
Basics of Drafting a Legal notice under section 138 of the Negotiable Instruments Act, 1881
Real estate collaboration and development agreements – what to do if you don’t have possession?
Can an online diploma course help you to get a job at India’s top law firms?
Legal framework for protecting tourists from fraudulent representations by travel agents
Corruption in FIFA – What lies ahead for world football
Tourism in India: A guide on the common legal issues
Product Liability and its Provisions under Consumer Protection Law
Abhilash Acharya – Social entrepreneur and freelance business consultant, Ex-IIM, on how he used the NUJS business law diploma course
What to do when the Police shows up at your party?
827 20
Sexual harassment in India’s educational institutions and how to stop it
What’s next for Captain Saurabh Kalia?
Liabilities of celebrities endorsing products in India: An analysis in the light of Maggi fiasco
Licensee neither paying nor leaving? Here is the solution
Kathputli Colony rehabilitation project: Will it really benefit its residents?
Censorship Raj: The Indian obsession with banning and gagging
Counter-terrorism and the law in India
The need for policy practitioner’s to pay attention to human development
Everything you want to know about Delhi University Law Entrance Exam
Is marrying twice a crime in India?
What are the legal rights of a nominee?
How acquisition of land for laying down of petroleum pipeline is done in India?
Sole proprietorship vs. OPC – Is taxation the decisive factor?
5 reasons why blanket bans on pornography through content filters may not serve any larger purpose
What are the legal safeguards available to prisoners of war under international law?
Is “grey market” goods legal in India?
Jurisdiction of civil court in company law matters
How 3 lawyers used blogging for professional success
Change in Effective Rate of Service Tax post Union Budget 2015– Conflict between Finance Act and Point of Taxation Rules, 2011
Striking down of Section 66A of IT Act 2000 – What are the current restrictions on posting offensive comments online?
828 20
Application of consumer protection laws on goods sold online – who is liable for defective goods?
This is how City Gas Distribution (CGD) network is laid down: Regulatory process
Everything you want to know about laws which prevent witch hunting in India
Can hit and run cases lead to murder or culpable homicide Accusations? Lessons from the Salman Khan order
Procedure to alter Memorandum of Association and Article of Association of a Company
How to take licence for playing music in restaurant or cafe?
When and How a Slogan can be registered as a Trademark in India?
Whether SMS/WhatsApp message will be considered as an admissible evidence in courts of India?
Business development: how I found my first client for consulting work
Juvenile Justice Bill, 2015 – An analysis of the controversial provisions
Can police search your house or office without a warrant in India?
How to remove images from Internet?
Application of principles of natural justice in a sexual harassment proceeding
My Experience as an IDIA Team Leader, North-East India Chapter: Nipasha Mahanta
The Compulsory Promotion, Utilization, Supply and Access of Renewable Energy Bill, 2014: An Analysis
What’s in a kiss? Is Public Display of Affection legal in India?
4 Scary Risks about Director’s Responsibilities for anti-sexual harassment law violations
END OF AN ERA: WHAT DID WE ACTUALLY ACHIEVE?
What would happen if you fail to get a service tax registration or pay service taxes in time?
What is the procedure to visit the Supreme Court of India?
829 20
Legalities involved in starting your own E-commerce Business
Bureau of Energy Efficiency – an analysis
What are the legal grounds to prefer one bail petition over another?
Protection of Children on Internet, Karnika Seth (Book Review and Launch)
Atrocities against people from the North-East in Delhi and available legal recourses
SHALE GAS POLICY: TIME TO GO BACK OVER
Taxation and Policy in Coal and Electricity Sectors
Integrated E- form INC-29 for incorporation of a new company under Companies Act, 2013
What is the punishment for creating fake account on internet?
What are the grounds for curtailing freedom of speech and expression in India?
How to file a complaint for cyber-stalking in India?
Should the privity of contract rule be reformed in order to allow the third party to sue on contract in their benefit?
Sexual harassment in Indian Schools: 10 headlines from March 2015 that will shock you
How to identify the Local Complaints Committee (LCC) and District officer appointed under Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace Act, 2013?
Anticipatory breach of contract and the law in India
America to India: Doctrine of Inevitable Disclosure
A single woman’s conversation with her wardrobe
What can you do if a mediator is being forceful or imposing personal views?
Laws related to sound pollution in India
A Study of Indian law on mining hazards with a reference to American Black lung Laws
830 20
The Land Acquisition Bill, 2015- Muting out the Plight of the Displaced Ones
How to conduct anti-sexual harassment law sensitization for manufacturing sector, factories and workers?
What is common law? Does it apply in India? 
BDSM and criminal laws
The Petroleum and Natural Gas Regulatory Board Bill, 2005: An analysis
Shareholders activism in India
An interesting ‘Indianized’ proposition for the e-tail sector
Difference between Senior Advocate and Junior Advocate?
How to Conduct a Legal Due Diligence?
What every Indian should know before entering into a valid contract
One for the Tobacco Companies
Five questions to tackle before making Foreign Contribution Regulation Act (FCRA) applications
Everything you want to know about the Mullaperiyar Dam dispute
Laws that protect rights of mine labourers in India
Rights and duties of a finder of any lost goods in India
What is it like to intern at national human rights commission
All about anticipatory bail in India – Legal aspects
How to draft a sexual harassment policy in India?
What every Indian should understand about how Judges are appointed in India
Marital Rape: A Stigma on the Institution of Marriage in India
831 20
Legal framework governing spamming on the internet
What happens when an Indian law student interns with a Russian Bar Council
Are bloggers safe in India?
From Mines to Markets: How Coal is allocated in India
Cyber Pornography Law in India- The Grey law decoded
Everything you want to know about the National Green Tribunal
Free speech on the internet and applications of Section 66A in the virtual world – to tweet or not to tweet
From Outside the Frontiers: Laws on International Adoption
Disclosures to be made by a candidate when contesting an election in India
The AIB Knockout and the emerging legal issues
Law related to donation by companies to political parties in India
Activities allowed in residential basements in Delhi, Noida, and Gurgaon
8 duties that the employers must comply with under the Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace Act, 2013
Debentures and debenture trustee under Companies Act, 2013
How can Indian lawyers practice in US (New York)?
Confidentiality of proceedings under Prevention of Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace Act, 2013
Need for improved accessibility in public transportation for visually impaired in India
How to transfer shares in India under Companies Act, 2013?
Multi-level Marketing in India
Live-in relationships and emerging legal issues in India
832 20
Licenses required for opening a microbrewery in India
Difficulty in filing government forms for visually challenged
Drone-ing out the Peace: Legality in International Law
Tussle continues, Religious Sentiments vs Freedom of expression
Save Trees in Delhi: Know the procedure to cut a Tree
Lets know about legal protections available to protect children from sexual offences
Online Banking Scams: Are you a victim?
Judiciary and inappropriate Budget allotment
Is your kid safe in school? Need for stricter regulation to prevent sexual harassment of children
Sexual Harassment Law in India and Constitutional Challenges
Who owns the photos uploaded on Facebook? IP Infringement and removal
Ordinance making power of the President of India: A critical outlook
India’s Worst Man-Made Disasters or Avoidable Disasters
Taxation issues in E-commerce ventures – An analysis of the Amazon tax issue in Karnataka
Standard form of Contracts and the law in India
Flipkart and Amazon: Let’s know their Terms and Conditions
Sources of funding for seed stage startups
Acid Attack and the Law in India
How to claim compensation from the railways for accidents and loss of goods?
Aviation: Delay, Cancellation, Refund and Consumer Rights
833 20
Protection of Trade Secrets in India
Getting divorced : 4 unusual grounds for seeking divorce which can make you go crazy
Guidelines and procedure of inquiry in case of misconduct by government employees in India
Thirty years of unhealed wounds: Bhopal Gas Tragedy
Regulating Babies’ Factory in India – Surrogacy and the law
Medical negligence in India
10 things every Indian should know about the Special Marriage Act,1954
The Curious Legal Case of Uber in India – Did Uber really violate any law?
New amendements to labour laws will make compliance for startups and SMEs easier
What is a Special Purpose Vehicle?
Are penalty clauses in contracts enforceable in India?
A critical analysis of the Apprentice (Amendment) Act, 2014 : Will it create more employment opportunities for the youths?
Irretrievable break down of marriage as a ground for divorce in India
Are employment bonds legal in India or not?
Online Revenge Porn-Recourse for Victims under Cyber Laws
Is your “ workplace” covered under the new sexual harassment law?
10 principles of tort law every Indian should know
Starting your legal startup and legal recruitment scenario in India
How to register for copyright in India?
How to participate in tender for procurement of services of central government departments?
834 20
Dematerialization Of Shares and the Complete Procedure
Annual compliance requirements and registers to be maintained by companies under Companies Act, 2013
How to limit the liabilities in event of legal or regulatory action against a director? – D&O policies in India
How to draft terms of service for e-commerce websites?
5 Critical issues to watch out for when you draft your own agreement
Why a Recent Landmark Decision by the Karnataka Labour Department Epitomizes the Need to Have Robust Labour Laws
Why Indian entrepreneurs struggle with the legal system and the bare essentials they need to know: Early-stage, pre-investment startups
Can your trademark trump cyber squatters?
Drafting a Technology Transfer and Licensing Agreement? – Here is a list of important clauses you should not forget
How to draft an agreement? – A primer
The Ultimate Beginner’s Guide to Mergers and Acquisitions
How I recovered INR 70,000 from online fraudsters who sold me a fake Rolex
Lessons from Redbus and what to watch out for in a termsheet
Is Vishaka-compliance equal to Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace Act, 2013 compliance?
7 must-know practical differences between partnerships and companies you need to know about
Questionnaire and checklist for decoding business transactions
Corporate lawyer’s guidebook for business structuring skills
Online Romance Scammers- Legal Recourse for a victim
Offering a loyalty plan? Learn how Apple steered clear of the Competition Commission
An Analysis of the Burgeoning Character Merchandising Industry in India
835 20
Social Impact Assessment and Consent Rules: a Major Step Toward Improving the Process of Land Acquisition
Competition Appellate Tribunal upholds penalty against realty developer DLF
Types of discrimination in workplace and their legal protection in India
Liability of the director of a company in cheque bouncing cases
Are deep-discounts in e-commerce anti-competitive? Flipkart’s Big Billion Day Sale and the way forward
Is Uber Legal in India?
Appointment of Directors, their appointment terms and procedural formalities under Companies Act, 2013
Jail or a second chance?
Mediation: From Convention to Process
Introduction to Call and Put options
An Open Letter by a Woman: Body Shaming vs. Human Rights
How Indian police saved me 4 times in 4 years
When, why and how to approach a state human rights commission?
Applicability of principles of tortious liability for sexual harassment on employers in India
Monetisation from Open Source Software
Who is the Account & Audit Regulator of India? NFRA or ICAI?
A Comprehensive Analysis of Laws Regulating Smoking in India
Are Persons with Disabilities Provided Equal Access to Public Places?
Reservation in educational institutions for weaker section under RTE Act, 2009
Presentation of electronic evidence in court in light of the Supreme Court judgment in Anvar P. K. vs. P.K Basheer & ors.
836 20
Road Safety and Transport Bill, 2014: Will it make Indian roads safer?
Liability of employers for sexual harassment in workplace: How to comply with the law?
Do we need separate restaurants for rape survivors?
Quid pro quo and Hostile environment sexual harassment
What every Mumbaikar should know about Maharashtra Ownership of Flat Act,1963
Outsourcing in India: Things you should know before signing the outsourcing agreement
Who owns the intellectual property of your business? Know how to protect the IP created by employees
Negotiating EPC Contracts : Issues and concerns
Copyright violations in Cyberspace: Offences and protection mechanisms
Real estate industry and protection of consumer interests in India
Reputational hazards for businesses in connection with sexual harassment laws compliance – lessons from the Tehelka case study
Monkey selfie: Analysing the Copyright Ownership of Work by an Animal
Regulatory overview of Contract Labour in India
5 reasons law students love mooting
Higher Judicial Appointments: A New Perspective
Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) laws around the World
Double jeopardy and the law in India
Corporate fraud prevention mechanisms under Companies Act, 2013
Right to Life and Duty of the State in cases of Violence and Riots
Analysis of the consultation paper on Crowdfunding in India by SEBI
837 20
Obscenity and the law in India: Moving from Hicklin test to Community standards
Service tax on auxiliary educational services
Hassles Involved in Delhi Bar Council Registration
When Is She Sexually Harassed? Identifying what is acceptable behaviour and what is not
Important issues in IPR & Competition law
The Sad State of Consumer Forums in Delhi
Corporate deposits under Companies Act, 2013
Reasons behind unnecessary prolongation of execution of money decrees in India
Work From Home- Cyber Crime Scams….Are you a Victim?
31 new Bills introduced in the Budget session of the Parliament
Benefits granted to Small Companies under Companies Act, 2013
Role of auditor under new Companies Act, 2013
Private equity deals in India – A new trend for controlling the management
New life for Dormant Companies under Companies Act, 2013
Financing transactions between group companies: Regulation of investment, inter-corporate loans and guarantees under Companies Act, 2013
How to deal with malicious complaints of Sexual Harassment
Taxation aspects of Non-Governmental Organisations (NGOs)
Related party transactions under Companies Act, 2013
How Tesla Motors’ Decision to Release All Its Patents to the Public May Mark the Beginning of a New Era
A Brief Overview of the Legality of Bitcoin in India
838 20
What you need to know about Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) under Companies Act, 2013
Regulation of foreign companies doing business in India under Companies Act, 2013
Role of Cyber laws in Divorce Proceedings
Legal Norms to Combat Drunk Driving in India – Do We Need a New Wine in a New Bottle?
Real Estate Finance in India
Can a wife file a case for unnatural sexual offences against the husband under section 377 of IPC?
Crimes against women: Can you register complaint over email and post?
All You Wanted to Know about the Controversy Surrounding Wendy Doniger’s Book – The Hindus: An Alternative History
Important Indian laws that don’t apply in Jammu & Kashmir
How to engage with children in conflict with the law
A Brief Review of a Case that May Fundamentally Change the Future of Cloud Computing Services
An analysis of the copyright infringement claim against Zeppelin’s iconic song Stairway to Heaven
Contract Labour Act
Criticism of the New Land Acquisition Act
Notification for Land Acquisition- Legal Requirements
How the designated partner of an LLP can resign
Service tax of Lawyers
Land acquisition by the Government for the private sector in India under Land Acquisition Act, 2013
Affidavit and the law in India
Private placement under Companies Act, 2013
839 20
CO-FOUNDER’S AGREEMENT: Things you should look out for while entering into a co-founders agreement
Registering trademarks internationally through Madrid Protocol
Leave policy under Delhi Shops and Establishments Act, 1954
Understanding the Recent Row of debates on Article 370
Special Provisions in the Land Acquisition Act for SC and ST Communities – a Brief Overview
Making a strategic decision – SEZ vs. domestic tariff area unit
Service tax on legal services in India
What is Central Sales Tax and how to get CST registration?
Private Limited Company and its incorporation under Companies Act, 2013
Open source licensing and monetisation
What are the grounds for dissolution of a marriage?
Laws on smoking ban in India and how to register a complaint
Alliance of the E-commerce Titans: Flipkart and Myntra
Intellectual property rights issues in software development contracts
Types of due diligence and scope of a due diligence exercise
Elements of due diligence in an investment deal – essentials for corporate lawyers and business advisors (Ketan Mukhija, General Counsel, SREI Group)
Surrogate advertising  and the law for tobacco products:  Thank you for smoking….!
The Third Gender and the Indian Law – a brief history
Whistleblower Act of 2014 – an evaluation
Surrogate advertisement of Liquor in India: How Indian liquor companies game the rules?
840 20
Can Daughters become coparceners in a joint Hindu family under law?
Non-compete clauses in Employment Agreements: Are they enforceable in India?
How can you make your own will: A step by step guide
Master Service Agreements and their relevance in the IT outsourcing industry
Street Vendors Act: Rights Designated or Rights Impounded 
A simple guide to personal bail bond with and without surety: Understanding the Kejriwal Case
How to Register Cyber Crime Complaint with Cyber Cell of Police – Online Complaint Procedure
A Simple Guide to Understanding Civil and Criminal Defamation
What every Indian citizen should know about the new land acquisition law
Microfinance Marketplaces in India
Bail: When is it granted by the court?
Employer’s Guide to Employee State Insurance Laws – concepts and compliance
Sole Proprietorship or One Person Company and what you need to do to set up a sole proprietorship
What happens when a person cannot pay his debts and becomes bankrupt or insolvent?
Compulsory Licensing in Indian Patent Law
Gastro-Intellectual Property: IP lessons for restaurant owners
Indian Cyber Law Fake profiles on Social Media
5 steps you can take if you come across an instance of animal cruelty
A counselor who works with juvenile delinquents tells a story everyone must know
Cyber Forensics: law and practice in India
841 20
One Person Company- A New Age Concept
Collective Bargaining in India: Laws and Realities
Enforcement of Oral Wills
Why is there a copyright battle over Bob Marley’s songs and what musicians should learn from it
Understanding Section 498A of Indian Penal Code, on Domestic Violence
Law of Wills in India: What every Indian should know
The Jalilkattu Judgment: Supreme Court comes to rescue of domestic animals
Announcement: Admissions for Diploma in EABL for the Summer 2014 batch is now open
Will and its importance
Fake profiles on matrimonial and dating websites: cyber law has an answer!
Digital Legacy: What would happen to your social media profiles when you would die?
Online banking frauds in India: How to recover lost money using Information Technology Act, 2000?
Institutional Trading Platform (ITP): An alternative way of raising capital for SMEs and start-ups
In what cases would special laws against organized crime such as M.C.O.C.A. apply?
How to handle Cheque Bouncing – Indian Laws
Email scams- Legal Recourse for Indian victims of email scams
Banker’s Legal Guide to dealing with Phishing scams in India
National Sports Bill: Cure for current controversies?
Jet-Etihad Deal and its Competitive Concerns
Class action suits under Companies Act, 2013
842 20
Appointment and role of Independent Directors under Companies Act, 2013
How to comply with Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) rules under Companies Act, 2013 ?
Powers and functions of National Financial Reporting Authority under Companies Act, 2013
How to establish a One Person Company ?
India Inclusive Innovation Fund to promote innovation amongst MSMEs
FDA Safety and Innovation Act and its effects on Indian drug manufacturers
Appreciating evidence in a sexual harassment complaints inquiry
What should you do if you face sexual harassment at workplace? Step by step guide
What is Jurisdiction?
RIGHTS OF PERSONS WITH DISABILITIES BILL 2014: a review
Introduction to basics of syndicated loans
5 things employers must do when they receive a sexual harassment complaint
Free Tool to Implement Anti-Sexual Harassment Law in India
Why did India end up with an anti-sexual harassment law that is not gender neutral?
The psychology of Sexual Harassment
A brief history of battle against sexual harassment
Personal Insolvency and Bankruptcy in India: rationale and procedure
Cosmetics Regulation in India – the law you need to know before getting into cosmetics manufacturing business
How Land Acquisition Act 2013 might affect infrastructural development in India
Personal Bankruptcy or Insolvency laws in India
843 20
Phonographic and Public Performance licensing in India
Building Bye Laws in Delhi
What happened to the once-revered Blackberry? The downfall and current scenario
Google Adwords and trademark infringement claims globally
Sexual Harassment at Workplace: Legislations in different countries
Right to Information and Statistics State-wise.
The Indian Police Act and Police Reform in India
Current Issues in Indian Pharmaceutical Industry
Legal issues in Joint Development Agreements
Anti Superstition Laws in India
Basics of Conflict Resolution through Negotiation
Air India gets a Competitive Edge?
The Criminal I Aided and Abetted
International Crime: Which country has jurisdiction to try the accused?
Legal issues related to Big Data
Onion price rise: Cartel to be blamed? Competition Law and Onions
All India Muslim Personal Law Board – An overview
Judicial Appointments Commission: A Perfect Panacea for Collegium System?
DDA comes under the scanner of CCI
In such a haste – the system of fast track courts in India
844 20
When she is angry
Competition Law in India
How to get an ISBN number for your book – it’s FREE
Online registration of a shop/establishment in delhi
Exclusive Jurisdiction Clause: Mere reference to a particular court ousts jurisdiction of all other competent courts
The Maharashtra Control of Organized Crime Act
Tax structuring – How Google, Microsoft Apple and other major US tech giants save billions
What is a lock-in clause?
The [Andaman Trunk] Road Not Taken
The Patent Trolls of the United States of America and how they may be reigned in
Commercial lease – a guide for tenants
Will Real Estate Regulation in India see drastic change with the proposed new law? On the Real Estate Bill
New crowd funding law in Italy: Is it start-up friendly?
Preference Shares
Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace Act, 2013 – obligations for employers
Laws in Jammu and Kashmir
Bar Exam – India
Bar Exam in India
How to become a Lawyer
The Facebook Experiment Has Not Failed
845 20
Anti-Ragging Laws in India & The Measures to be taken by the Universities
Analysis of the Madras HC’s judgment regarding Pre-Marital Sex and Marriage
Bar Examinations across the globe
Enrolment in Bar Council of Gujarat
Enrolment in Bar Council of Karnataka
Enrolment in Bar Council of Maharashtra and Goa
Enrolment in Bar Council of Assam, Nagaland, Meghalaya, Manipur, Tripura, Mizoram, Arunachal Pradesh and Sikkim
Enrolment in Delhi Bar Council
How to become a lawyer: Enrol at the Bar
List of State Bar Councils in India
How to enrol with BCI: for Indians studying abroad
Public Interest Litigation
Global Business Development Factsheet
Changes in UK immigration law: does it affect professional immigrants?
Sharia Boards in Islamic Banking and Finance: Opportunity for the youth and something India seems to have overlooked
Talking About Rights: Islamic Finance in India and constitutional rights
Is Islamic Banking right for India?
What are house rent agreement, lease & tenancy and how to negotiate them
Facebook and Free Speech: the Long Arm and Short Sight of Law
How to start preparing for CLAT
846 20
Remedy for Immigrants who are subjected to Violence In United Kingdom
Online Dispute Resolution System- A way toward hassle free dispute resolution and a road into the future
Foreigners working in India: Visa, entry permit and tax registrations
Assignment of Intellectual Property Rights in India
Do angels have a way around the startup tax? After budget, SEBI ruins it for angels. . .
The Maharashtra Labour Welfare Fund Act, 1953
New ‘license raj’ regime proposed for VCs & impact on startup funding
Humanising Penalty: Reconceptualising Indian Judicial Activism
Types of Derivatives and Derivative Market
US Crowd Funding Law and development in India
Telemarketing laws for entrepreneurs
A Businessman’s Guide to Labour Laws in India
Misconduct of an advocate and Indian law in light of Supreme Court judgements
Role of lawyers in the legal system
Right of a lawyer to practice in India and duties of a lawyer
Historical development of law relating to legal profession and the bar in India
Functions of Bar Council of India; Enrolment as an advocate under Advocates Act
Copyright protection for brochures, catalogues and product listings.
Hiring security guards; guard board; housing allowance.
What is Stamp duty and What are the types of Stamp duty?
847 20
Laws of Intestacy: How is Property Distributed
Stamp Duty Tax: How to Calculate It
Foreign Investment and Tax Havens
Can Data Processing Charge be taxed as Royalty?
Equal Remuneration Act – How labour law can land a million Indian businessmen in jail
VC & Angel Investor Alert: Board rights could have criminal liability risk
The Lokpal Bill, Anna Hazare’s Jan Lokpal Bill and the Prevention of Corruption Act
FCRA: Difference between deemed prior permission and prior permission
Privileged Communications and A Lawyers Duty to Keep Client Information Confidential
Difference between Limited Liability Partnerships & Private Limited Company (LLP and LLC)
What is Non-Disclosure Agreement?
Administrative Expenses under FCRA Rules
How to name a company in India – a simple guide on Company Registration and Trademarking
FCRA Registration and Prior Permission Process
Prohibited investments and compliance requirement under FCRA Rules
What is Contempt of Court? What are the defenses allowed in Contempt Proceeding?
The Duty of a lawyer in the face of conflict of interest
Five reasons why capital intensive foreign businesses targeting India should not incorporate as LLPs
Contract Drafting – why you should negotiate an “anti-national use” clause in your contracts
General Meetings in Your Company – now you must arrange for electronic voting
848 18
How can a Chit Fund help you to raise capital for your business?
Alternative to patent and utility models: a Legislation on Jugaad
Foreign Loans in India: How to issue guarantee and create security
Streamline your Company Meetings through videoconferencing
Borrow money from Abroad? Essential Legal Concepts for your business
Kickstarting your NGO with international funding – Legal Basics
New law for foreign donations: Is your NGO registered?
FDI in LLPs permitted: Are private limited companies still the better route?
Does India have data protection law? Recent developments…
Making Outbound Investment – A Primer
Is your technology startup safe from patent trolls? Deciphering Paul Allen’s Patent World War.
Introducing iPleaders – Legal Risk Management
The 3 Step Strategy to Minimize Legal Risk: Drafting Tips Included
Should you protect your business from legal risks? 5 solid reasons to do it right now
Rules of Playing with Debt: Why to get into business debt and how to get out when things go wrong
CLAT 2010: Analysis And Expected Cut-off
NLU Delhi Entrance Test: Quick Analysis and Expected Cut-off Marks
Interview: Srishti Aishwarya, With Focus On Outsourcing
